I was happy when my son got 90% marks in his examination
went to movies with my friends it was fun
A hot kiss with my girl friend last night made my day
My son woke me up to a fantastic breakfast of eggs, his special hamburger patty and pancakes.
My older daughter keeps patting my younger daughter's head.
I cooked my girlfriend a wonderful breakfast.
My Mother gave me a surprise visit at my home.
There was hardly any traffic on my way to work this morning.
I came to my office at right time.
The day I got my degree in industrial engineering
I went to office hour of one of my professors, and I realized that he was the most caring professor/mentor ever.
We all ladies member from my family went for a lunch at seven star hotel n it was so much fun when all ladies go together n gossip
When my wife came home from work and we shared a steak dinner together with a bottle of wine.
My father bought me a bicycle.
I went to my home and given an Ice Cream Family pack to my family particularly in to the hands of my son and it creates a joyful moment.
I was able to play my video game that I enjoy the most quite a bit and that made me relaxed and happy.
I was able to do a full hour of research on a topic that had been nagging me.
When i got to the train station it just pulled up and i was able to get a seat.
I went to support my cousin in her product launch last night and I was so happy and proud to watch her shine.
I cooked a new recipe for dinner and it turned out great
The weather has been warm and gorgeous for the first time in a long time and I'm loving it.
Had dinner with my Family, now that my dad is getting over being sick.
A hot chat with my dating partner makes me feel more sexy
The rain stopped and beautiful sunlight appeared so I went for a walk and took some photographs.
I had a very delicious lunch
I finally went for a run and worked out and it felt great to be taking care of my body.
I received a call letter from the University for my job
my hole family out to have dinner
yesterday i received a message that i got promoted as a manager from my company
A good win for my sports team
I got an A on the test that I barely studied for.
I got new underwear in the mail that I had purchased online.
I beat the final boss in Dark Souls.
My cat has been sick and yesterday she ate some food and scampered around the apartment.
Meeting up with my girlfriend at the park and just talking.
A good dinner in a nice restaurant with coworkers.
I finally got a job interview.
I went to the temple with my parents.
Finally succeed in making Tomato soup.
I got to get together with some people from church to help out at the retirement home.It is always a good feeling to help people.
Had a log walk with my friends after a heavy lunch
I made a delicious meal.
Hanging out with friends.
I was happy when my wife's work friends came by to visit her.
I went for a meeting about Peruvian dances with my friends
I was finally able to order the things I had been saving up for over the past few months.
When I was able to make an older women's day at the grocery store.
I looked at the time and realized it was half an hour until I got off work.
I played with my cat and he licked my face for an hour!
I enjoyed swimming in the beach near chennai.
I went out last night and a friend made me an awesome drink with chocolate syrup and bailey's irish cream.
I ran two miles at a fast pace, that I have never achieved before.
I was happiest last evening when I was painting in the garden.
I hung out with a close friend last night and had dinner and drinks with him.
My wife made her chicken soup.
My new boss appreciated the work i put in
I finally received my Pep Boys rebate in the form of a $40 prepaid Visa card in the mail, which I promptly used to purchase an item I had been wanting on Amazon.
I got to spend the evening with my husband enjoying each other's company.
I hit my goal of walking 5 miles for the day.
I got to eat some really delicious noodles that my mom made.
I bought a new laptop.
I watched a movie with my spouse and she rubbed my sore feet.
I went on a nice evening walk around the neighborhood with my wife.
I relaxed and played Mass Effect on my computer.
I managed to make $80 from writing.
A friend took me to lunch today.
I watched the entirety of Pharrell's new 24-hour music video "Happy"aon mute, in 2-hour chunks, over the course of several days; that is how I am still alive.
I was able to achieve something difficult at work that made my co-worker really happy.
I helped plan a surprise party for my Mom's 70th birthday party coming up.
I ate a delicious dinner with my husband.
I found an interesting book at the library, a book I didn't know existed.
I went to the gym and exercised on the elliptical and lifted weights after work.
I ran a mile under 6 minutes today and it made me feel fast.
My girlfriend told me she is really happy with me and that she was happy she met me.
I was told that the school I teach it will be closed all week, but teachers will still be paid.
I was happy when I read the email of a requester giving me a $3 bonus.
I ate chik-fil-a
I spent time with my boyfriend on our anniversary and watched my favorite movie.
The coworkers I met for lunch today were nice people and I had a good chat with them.
I was off from work, and I got to work on two of the things I enjoy doing most with my spare time, which includes doing survey work and video games.
I had a delicious lunch today.
In the last 24 hours receiving my raise at work made me very happy
I got a burger for lunch and it was cooked perfectly because it wasn't too rare or too well-done.
I had some new classes yesterday and it made me happy to start a new quarter and turn a new leaf.
I completed a big project.
I obtain my goal of exercising for one hour per day today
I reached a new fitness goal of mine.
I was happy that I was upgraded to first class on my flight home.
I made a grilled cheese and had a beer with it after I mowed -- I love both of those things.
My coworker just received news that she had an accepted offer on her home.
I went to buy a new game for my PS4 - street fighter V
Since I am no longer constipated, I was able to go for a long walk around my neighborhood.
I ate my favorite food, chicken alfredo.
I got to spend time with my friend as we watched one of our favorite shows together.
Going to school to get my daughters grades which had great results.
My dog finished all his food for the first time in a few days.
I was watching an episode of crashing and I had a good laugh at one of the jokes on the episode.
I was reading in my hammock.
My girlfriend cuddled with me before we went to sleep for a long time last night
I wrote a song that I really liked and feel good about making.
Staying at home after going to the gym and being alone
A friend made dinner for me.
I was happy because I was able to attend a lecture by my favorite author last night.
I went to the gym in the morning.
My partner made me a romantic meal to congratulate me for my new job.
I ate healthier.
I ate a delicious supper last evening.
I got a positive result for a client at work.
I participated in a group task and felt valued in it, as if my skills were needed and appreciated.
My boyfriend told me how proud he is of me.
Some vegetables that I had planted had sprouted and I saw green poking through the soil this morning.
I drank a tasty green tea latte that I made.
I talked to my dad and we talked about football for around an hour
I called my debt collection agency and they confirmed they received my payment.
A tasty dinner yesterday.
I ate a delicious chocolate fudge brownie.
I did some stretching this morning and it helped out with my pain.
I had excellent dinner
Seeing my puppy sleeping goofy.
My wife cooked me a surprise dinner to take to work with me.
I was able to get some writing done at work.
Going for a long cycling ride and enjoying today's sunny weather.
I ate a hearty breakfast of bacon, eggs, biscuits, and hash browns which left me completely sated.
Watching a soap opera of a wrestler, Blue Demon.
i felt happy today when my favorite show came on and my roommates all watched it with me.
I woke up and was excited to get to work.
Parents were over to watch my daughter
I Had fun playing an older video game
I finished all of my work by the end of the day.
I won $20 on a fanduel nba fantasy basketball tournament lineup contest.
My dad thanked me for helping him fix a water fountain in our backyard.
I worked out first thing this morning.
A shirt that I had ordered online finally came in.
It made me happy to eat chic-a-fila for lunch because it is my favorite restaurant.
I just cooked up a couple really tasty burgers and with the new spicy mustard saw I bought, they were perfect!
I spent some quality time with some coworkers I really like.
My professor told me that he was impressed that I do all the optional assignments and that I'm the only one that does them.
I took my wife's family out for my wife's birthday.
I went to the grocery store and got all the groceries I need for a week.
I had a stress free day at work today.
That coffee was already made when I woke up early.
The puppy got all excited to see me when i came home for the first time
I ate a very delicious rum cake.
After a long wait, my Amazon Payments account was finally verified.
I passed my exam for my online class.
I WAS HAPPY TO HEAR THAT A FRIEND OF MINE HAD A HEALTHY BABY.
I was told that my older brother is getting married in a few months.
I made a new smoothie mix for my snack before bedtime.
My fiancee took my car to the shop to get it fixed for me while I was at work.
I ate delicious rice pudding
I'm finally getting back into my healthy eating plan and today I found out I lost a pound.
My dog behaved when confronted by another dog on our daily walk.
My friend and I took a long walk.
I made a big dinner tonight and my partner was very grateful and appreciative of the effort.
I fixed my car.
I saw a beautiful sunset with double rainbows
I made it to work on time.
I enjoyed the great meal and drinks on my flight.
I caught an extremely rare pokemon in the new pokemon game which is awesome.
I was happy when my wife woke up feeling better.
As I was walking to retrieve the mail I saw a neighbor walking their adorable dog.
I finished a good book
Walking outside exercising
I talked to my partner on the phone about his recent performance in a race (he did well).
I wrote an excellent blog post that I was proud of.
I went to the gym and rowed.
I made good money yesterday and today at work.
I was happy when my new recipe came out very good.
I weighed myself this morning and I've lost 2lbs since my last weigh-in.
I was able to enjoy a nice pleasant dinner with my family last night at the olive garden.
My favorite show came back on netflix
This morning I completed a piece of embroidery I have been working on, and I am quite pleased with it.
I got to watch 2 nba basketball games after dinner and actually relaxed.
I listened to a new song that I really liked.
The weather was great outside.
I looked at pictures of my unborn baby's ultrasound.
Catching up with an old friend over facebook
I got a 98% on a midterm paper for one of my major specific courses.
I was able to leave work early.
I listened to the latest album from a favorite musician, Kristin Hersh.
I watched my favorite TV show.
I received a card in the mail from my parents a few days early for my birthday.
I went for a run around the block.
My son told me he is having the best time while we were at the beach this morning in Florida.
I ate a lot of food that I made.
I made a cool song on my computer
I watched an episode of One Punch Man on Netflix which is a show I've been wanting to watch for a long time.
Found a new house listed for sale that is both attractive and in my price range.
I got a great deal on a camera I really wanted on ebay.
I made plans to meet up with a friend tonight that I don't see very often.
When I ate my favorite dessert
I learned that my favorite football team signed a good player.
There were two frozen waffles in the freezer when I had thought I had already eaten the last ones.
I tried a new recipe for supper and everyone enjoyed it.
i buy new shoes today.
I listened to a really nice podcast on the Gospel readings from this past Sunday.
I enjoyed watching a funny YouTube video with my family.
I came into to work to find out im off for the next week.
My child told me that she loved me.
I came home to a clean house that my husband cleaned for me.
That the dogs were already taken outside to potty so I didn't have to go out in the cold to do it myself.
My small daughter slept all through the night last night.
I had a good breakfast at a local deli.
I started thinking about more things that I will do on my vacation in 2 weeks.
I went rock climbing with my brother, it was fun but it was very tiring but you feel like a badass when you're climbing so high.
When I got home, I had a cup of coffee and ate my favorite burritos to relax.
My friend sent me a book because he thought I would like it.
I was able to make coffee and sit for a few minutes before driving to work.
We got some much needed rain and it smelled so good
I ran for at least 30 minutes on the treadmill today.
I was able to complete reading the novel I had started a week ago
I looked up from my work and noticed it was 5 o clock and time to go home.
I played with my cat and snuggled with him while watching some TV.
My rabbit was very affectionate toward me.
The birth of my baby was the best thing that happened to me this month.
my mom's birthday celebration and wedding celebration and my dad birthday celebration i enjoyed the past month
I got a raise after my performance reviews in the past month.
I learned how to cook a new cake recipe.
My son won the senior elementary science fair in the engineering category
I really started getting involved with a company I can sell online with I am very much behind and love the products.
I had a great date night with my wife.
I won 100 dollars on a lottery scratcher
I lost 5 pounds which is awesome considering I never ever lose weight.
I got to see one of my plays performed at a theatre in Hollywood.
I completed a $15 HIT yesterday.
The day with my wife
Working on my grandfathers piano made me happy.
last week I purchased a new car.
I was asked on a date by a guy I like and it went well!
I felt I had done a good job on a project at work.
I am happy that I made the most amount of money in the last month on Amazon Mturk that I have ever made in my 3+ years of membership.
My happy moment was the day I laid eyes on our dog we adopted this month.
We have conducting the party of my mothers birthday the in last month the party was very enjoyable movement on the day me and my family members enjoyed lots and lots in an parties
my mother surprised me by coming home with my favourite cooked meal
bought a new phone this past month
Enjoying quality time with my daughter to watch her interact with others made me realize I did a good job raising her.
when i married my husband,it is the happiest moment in my life.
When i had a great weekend trip with my friends
My favorite team won the match comprehensively.
My girlfriend and I played video games and went out to dinner and a movie last weekend.
I called my mother long distance and she told me she was coming to visit and stay with me for a month, I haven't seen her in a year.
past month i went a vocation from my office.all of our office colleges are attended the vocation.we all went by a bus.we played games and danced in the bus.it was interesting and very happiest moment in my life.we all enjoyed lot.
past month i went a vocation from my office.all of our office colleges are attended the vocation.we all went by a bus.we played games and danced in the bus.it was interesting and very happiest moment in my life.we all enjoyed lot.
When my 4 year old son wiped my tears consoling me after I had an arguement with my spouse
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
Buying new phone from my earned money.
Lying the bed listening to the rain outside Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics
The idea of starting a business
The general manager came into my job and told me what a great job I had been doing.
I celebrated my father's birthday first time at last month and i gave a surprised party that makes my father to be very happy that moment is my happiest moment on last month.
I received my IRS TAX REFUND
I bought a new car
I got golden employee award certificate in my office for my performance.
I met with my nephews and we played cricket.
My father gifted me the latest bike last week which i was eagerly wanted, very happy.
I went to karaoke with my friend, I was really bad at singing but I still had a good time because its a lot of fun singing to your favorite songs.
My son saying he loves me
I adapted healthier eatings habits over the past month.
I was quite happy when I took a long weekend trip to the country with my partner.
It made me happy to find out that we are getting raises this year at work.
I had a lovely time cooking a new meal with my partner.
My dog makes me happy everyday.
I made cookies with my grandson.
A patient I have been treating for infertility for nearly a year emailed me last Saturday to tell me she is pregnant!
This past month, I celebrated my 31st birthday and had a wonderful party to celebrate with friends and family.
My wife finally got a job that utilizes her degree.
I was very happy when my  husband and I had an entire day to ourselves to go explore downtown Dallas one Saturday.
I got to go to my son's cub scout meeting for the first time tonight.
i was given a worthy increment in my salary for which i have been demanding for long.
Yesterday March 28th when I participated in a company competition and for the first time in 5 years I won a trip for 4 people to Miami
It made me happy when I got on the scale and lost 6 pounds.
I was happy to see some friends while they were on vacation.
After many meetings, phones calls, and emails, I finally got my son accepted to an amazing private school for children with Autism!
Three weeks ago, I received my Certified Public Accountant license.
I was accepted for an Amazon Mechanical Turk survey that pays $50.
My son played his guitar with the band at church.
I have been attending archery classes and it gives me utter happiness.
What made me happy was, going to the Saint Patrickas Day parade with my family and then the after party at the friendly sons of shillelagh.
I got a new personal record in an Olympic weightlifting movement.
It made me happy to receive a call from my brother, who is in another country that I had not heard in a long time, told me that he is very well and that I am going to be uncle.
I started a romantic relationship with my best friend.
Recently I stood up for myself and addressed a work situation involving a co-worker who was passive-aggressive towards me for some time.
One of my students hugged me at the end of a lesson and said "When I grow up, I want to be you!"
The day in tamilnadu, when all my students get gathered in a place in my city, and fought against all over the world, its truly exciting and proud moment in my life, am still very happy about the protesters, also till my death.
We got a new house and a car.
I hit a production goal at work.
The bakery had my favorite pastry.
My youngest son began to stand up holding on to an object.
When my poster was accepted to an academic conference.
My sister engagement am happy to see happy forever she doing to marry that person whom she loved
Last week, I took a day off and went on a three day weekend get away trip.
Some time spent petting and cuddling with my purring cat.
My mother and sister flew across the country to visit me for a week
I was happy when I was playing video games online with a friend living far away.
I visited my mother on her birthday and we took a long walk together.
seeing my brother whom I have not seen for over a yer
Watching my daughter perform at the choral arts festival.
I was made very happy when I was working with my students and they were able to create and play their own music in about an hour.
I found out that I was promoted at work.
I became very happy when my boyfriend bought me a new car!
I recognized that a sick pet was getting better.
One moment that made me happy this past month was taking my family on an outing to drink and hit golf balls.
On tuesday I got a surprise birthday present.
I was accepted to the Cell and Molecular Biology PhD program at the University of Pennsylvania.
After a bad evaluation at work, my husband hugged me and told me not to worry; I'd find a new job.
I had a bad day at work, and after talking to my boyfriend about it, he surprised me by taking me out to my favorite restaurant.
My dog ran around all over the house, so excited to see me come home!
My spouse got a promotion
when my friends came over to celebrate my 30th birthday
I was happy when my professor talked about new information in class.
I won a contest at my job for top sales.
I increased my monthly earning on Mturk.
I have been running a lot more
Finding out my lost keys were picked up and returned to the store for me to pick up.
Helping my friends move into their amazing new house and seeing their smiling faces made me happy
go to hotel,park,beach,cinema so enjoyed in the birthday celebration
My daughter just wants to give my baby daughter kisses and cuddles all the time.
I left my ex girlfriend and the bad relationship I was in.
I went to the vet recently and they were finally able to tell me what was causing my dog's excessive itching.
I place in the top 8 of my local card shop and got a good prize.
I found a great deal on two new fishing poles with open bail reels, two for thirty dollars!
Watching my younger child aged 3 performing in a dance competition for the first time.
I found out I was going to florida for vacation.
I was happy when I bought Sniper Elite 4 mid-February.
My husband wanting to take me on a date for our upcoming wedding anniversary made me so happy.
My dad gifted me a wrist watch.
I went to a pool party and my friends liked the girl I brought.
I booked by ticket to go to Iceland with my best friend for June.
Something that made me happy in the past month was when my dog greeted me today when I got home.
My manager inform me that I got promotion in my job.
I purchased a new 4x4 Jeep to take on the Elk Hunt.
I was told I did an amazing job at work and was highly valued.
My husband give me a stylish watch.
Having a date with my crush
I visited with a old friend, that I have not seen in years.
I was happy this month thinking about how I could entertain my friends by sending them funny Snapchat photos.
I bought some new hand sanitizers that smell really good.
I went a journey with my friends one week ago.
I am happy that I made new friends on a web forum that I frequent, and they have accepted me as one of their own.
My result came and I scored distinction
I met up with some friends for a birthday party and saw some I hadn't seen in awhile.
I got a bonus at my job that I have been working at for six years.
I SPEND MOST OF TIMES WITH MY FRIEND
When I finally earned $10 on Mturk.
I finally received a copy of the video game Doom for the PC that I have been waiting for almost a week and got to finally play it.
yesterday before i bought one iphone 7 it is very nice to use nice moment
I stumbled upon a youtuber called Markiplier who's really funny and has a great personality.
When I was offered a promotion to move to Dallas and be the Terminal Manager.
walked on rain with my friends for reaching home from my college.
When someone told me that I had a good heart and that I was a helpful person.
I watched a movie that wanted to see since last 1 year but was not getting time for it.
I visited my parents and spent time with them.
My dogs made me happy
My pet cat Dolly was confirmed to be pregnant which made me very happy since i was waiting for a long time for her to get pregnant.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY COLLEGE DAYS BECAUSE WEEKLY TWO OR THREE DAYS WE BUNK THE CLASS GO TO FILM BEACH ANY RESORT THIS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
my happiest moment is my college day celebration and then i got a price to topper of the class.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
Fifteen days ago my father give me a gift as bike this is a happiest moment for me.
I went for a walk with my doggie.
Made a big breakfast of eggs bacon on a bagel that was very tasty.
I was taking a walk on a warm day in March hand in hand with my boyfriend and we were just talking.
Knowing that I have job options if I would like to pursue them.
I got a free mattress due to a shipping error.
I was happy when I found out my nephew is coming to visit me for a week for Spring Break.
I was made happy when I booked my wedding anniversary vacation for next month.
My son getting good grades
The meal I was making for the first time turned out successfully.
Caught up on my favorite show (Bates Motel).
I went to dinner to celebrate my wedding anniversary.
I successfully handmade, sewed, a beautiful tie-on, stuffed, embellished, chair cushion for my son's desk chair.
I was given a treat for my insatllation as it was a long pending issue at the management end and finally worked out.
When my sister, whom I love but who could drive the Pope crazy, left after a week-and-a-half visit.
I bought a new car
It made me happy when my infant son used baby sign language for the first time.
snuggling in bed with my daughter
I was happy that the sun is shining more and the birds are beginning to migrate back to the area for the Spring/Summer.
The togetherness of relatives who wish our child and also their blessings made me feel happy
Waking up this morning and seeing my son smile made me happy.
As I watched, my five year old son saw his little brother drop his Popsicle and then handed him his own and said "that's ok, Ethan!"
A happy moment I had was when I saw my boyfriend after a whole week of not being able to see him because of school and work.
I accepted a new job.
I purchased an AC last month, I thought of buying AC for the past year and just now had money to buy that and that moment made me feel more happy.
I bought a new car
I bought a new remote control car and crashed it a bunch, and it was really funny.
I went to the beach for the first time in a long time.
My father send me a mobile phone...
I went and saw my niece's play.
My spouse and I were singing along to the radio one night on the drive home.
I was happy when I saw my dad retire a few weeks ago during his retirement party.
I felt really happy when I received my laptop in the mail.
I went to a concert with friends.
New job with new responsibilities.
My son gave my awesome cuddles while we watched Sesame Street.
I enjoyed going to work and helping others less fortunate, get their homes in order.
My small booklet on Peritoneal Dialysis is now available in print form on Amazon.com as of last night.
Taking my dog to her puppy class last Wednesday made me very happy.
I was happy seven days ago when I celebrated my youngest son tenth birthday and my oldest son 21 birthday.
I reached a weight loss goal last week.
I spent time with my extended family.
I had my first annual review in my job post college and it went really well, better than I had expected.
My mother sent me a gift card to my favorite clothing store for my birthday!
I am very happy that my youngest son who is an alcoholic had decided to try and stop drinking again for the fourth time in around 18 months.
It made me happy when my kids finished their dinner without complaining
I spent the day sharing my traditions and beliefs with like-minded community members alongside my son.
My extended family came to visit for the weekends and we had a blast catching up.
My friend surprised me and threw a birthday dinner with all my friends
Being able to attend the wedding of my best friend.
Seeing my girlfriend for the day and taking the dog for a walk.
I was happy when my boyfriend came home after being out of state for a week.
My mother told me she had a gift for me.
I got a surprise visit from my brother and his wife last week.
Selecting my graduation ring.
When my mom gave me extra money today so I didn't have to ask my Dad.
I am currently trying to lose weight, and I have finally hit my weight loss goal.
My husband surprised me with my favorite treats.
I received a very favorable review and additional merit raise at work
Someone told me I had a heart of gold.
Shit chat with with my colleague during tea break and lunch time
My oldest son, after having a rough first few games in his first competitive baseball season, was one of two players on his team to score and he put the ball in play both times he was up to bat.
I was happy when I got a raise at work.
I got a promotion at work, which also came with a pay raise and a new job title.
Just yesterday after I showed my artwork to a professor, he said that it is "wonderful, great idea".
I was chosen for a different position that I applied for at my work and now enjoy it and make more money.
I went on a movie date with my girlfriend to watch Beauty and the Beast a week ago.
My exam results are good.
I bought a new desktop for myself to primarily play video games on.
getting a good grade on my finals
What made me happy was buying myself a new pair of shoes.
When I got home for the weekend and saw my kids playing together, they are young so it was nice to see.
I surprised my wife with a letter on our 13th month of marriage.
The Greek men's soccer team almost beat Belgium in a World Cup qualifying match.
An old friend reached out to me on social media, and we are now planning a visit with each other.
My daughter has been singing a lot recently.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
Eating at some fancy buffet.
I got a call from my best friend who was very angry with me for months.
I got a promotion at work.
I purchased a lottery scratch off ticket and won $250 dollars.
I brought my dog to the dog park for the first time.
I met a really attractive woman at a local bar.
I bought my new motor cycle.
my mum recover fastly from severe cancer
My daughter treated me today to a full house cleaning.
I read a magazine that I really enjoyed.
I m very happy when my boss ask to me that she promoted me in senior management.
My tomato plants sprouting made me happy.
I was happy when I found out my job is expanding.
In these moments I am still happy after this week, to continue advancing in my projects and to enjoy next to my family of the life of a very healthy way.
Going on a job interview for a place I really want to work.
I started working out regularly and I can feel the difference.
My cousin brother got awarded for his shortfilm
During a recent staff meeting at the office, I was awarded with a 10 year plaque of service.
I was able to help a client today and I felt very proud, useful, and happy - especially because my depression has been making me feel really useless lately.
Last month, I Went out for dinner with my family to a big restaurant and it was a happy moment
Past month my cousin got a visa for US and I'm going to fly along with her to US as I already have a visa for US for vacation
Last month my son got his first trophy in the tennis match and i was very happy and he was very excited to see me his trophy and i took him out for dinner and spend the evening happily with him.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I went to a conference where I got to meet a lot of new people and strengthen the bonds I had with my existing friends.
myself and my friend had candle light dinner
went on a holiday for 3 days with my family
my happiest moment last month was getting from master degree in Anna university
Taking a long drive on a clam road with my parents on last month that makes me very happy with my family members.
Annual salary hike and bonus last month.
Going out to a famous disco and listen to one of the best dj's in the world.
I was told by my boss that I was up for a promotion this month.
I purchased a new Washing Machine to wash my clothes.
I lost 10 pounds, and that made me feel happy and accomplished.
My toddler started sleeping through the night in their own bed.
we named our first child
Visiting with family over the weekend made me happy.
My family and I laughed while we were eating dinner the other night.
Hearing that I would get a job interview.
i buy a fire tv for my new 4k tv
When I was able to watch my favorite soccer team win their match.
I found a restaurant serving my favorite food that I was longing for days, it happened suddenly giving me a good surprise.
I was happy when I learned that a family member did not have a serious illness.
I went to an art gallery, which I've never done before.
What made me happy this month is finding out about a new job offer.
My best friend put her name down to volunteer at a pancake breakfast with me in May.
I got the chance to see my dad and stepmom, who I haven't really talked to that much in years, a couple of weeks ago, and it feels good to be rekindling that relationship.
To be able to buy a team that my daughter needed.
My cousin came to visit from out-of-state.
my daughter wins the scholarship exam conducted by the school with high marks only 3 children qualified for the scholarship i felt so happy and proud
I got some really cute shoes Monday.
My son completed his homework.
Having the opportunity to be at home by myself for a few hours.
A friend from high school posted an online message,saying that she loved me.
Learning to make a new object in a 3D modeling program.
My wife and I received news that we would be getting money back this year on our taxes, which is most unexpected, and we are thrilled.
A shirt that I ordered came in the mail.
I went to the movies to see Get Out with my friends.
I was able to lose a few pounds I'd been carrying.
I am blessed with a baby girl
My husband and I celebrated the 37th anniversary of the day we met.
Listening to a panel on urban reconstruction in postwar east Asia at a conference.
Hearing that my parents are coming to town for a few days
Getting to know someone, a new, special friend.
Watching my favorite childhood movie The Wizard of Oz on television.
I was happy when I was cuddling with my girlfriend watching Iron Fist on Netflix.
I was offered an exciting professional opportunity.
I have been trying to gain weight and have gained almost 10 pounds in muscle
I was happy when I was watching a funny video on YouTube about one of my favorite video games.
Found out my sick dog was going to be okay.
I was incredibly happy to find out my father-in-law is now cancer free as of his last doctors visit!
getting a promotion at work, thereby getting a salary increase
I celebrated my mom's birthday and it was fun to be with family.
I received a compliment on a presentation I made at work.
I found a gorgeous dress at a deep discount.
I found out that the size of my team at work will be doubling, lessening my workload (and stress level).
i bought a new vehicle.
My dog scratches on the door and wakes me up to get under the warm blanket when mom leaves for work.
I got a raise for good job performance.
I had a relaxing day of shopping with my mother-in-law for the first time in a long time.
Eating a great meal prepared at a fine local restaurant and just being thankful for that.
My daughter competed in the high school dance competition, and her team won many awards during the event.
I bought tires and was given an unexpected credit due to previous tires not meeting their mileage warranty.
Receiving a warm welcome home from my two greyhounds.
1 week ago, we have celebrated my brother birthday
I had dinner at Pho Ca Dao and had a pretty good bowl of pho there.
i was happy because that i had a bike ride with my friend in a road,i felt that a happy moment
I bought a new gun for Counter Strike game.
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed
I had really good tacos for dinner.
I bought a new oven which I wanted since a long time
I received a job offer in Switzerland.
Before 2hours i got my monthly payment ,this is one of the happy moment
I made my partner some dinner and she enjoyed it a lot.
played 5.1 effect audio song and danced with my friends for that song with full sprit
I had a very successful meeting with some coworkers and it made me feel very happy.
I won in the card game i was playing.
I was happy when I was able to take my baby outside for a walk in his stroller.
Providing dinner and relaxation for my fiancee before she had to leave on a trip
I went shopping at antique stores with my mom and friend.
When I ate a delicious medium rare steak for dinner.
I made my goal on mturk
When I got back home from work and my 6 months old baby girl saw me for the first time of the day and she gave me the most ecstatic smile ever.
My infant daughter started giggling at a funny face that I made at her and it made my heart want to explode with joy.
I got off of work.
Seeing and talking with friends
My staff meeting got cancelled.
Pushing my little girl on her bike
I finished reading a magazine.
My daughter baked a cake for me in the new oven
one hour before i go to shop and help the old man cross the road
After weeks of looking for a new job, with no success, I got 2 spontaneous job offers via email.
I played some dota.
It made me happy to talk to former co-workers who are going through difficulties with another co-worker, and to realize that we are still as close as we were.
My Sister got government job
I purchased a Air Cooler for my Office to work with a cool mind
I have received a bonus payment with my salary as a gift from higher officials.
i am still watching movie
The recognition of my child in school
Getting a project completed at work that has been a long time in the works
I passed a very hard school test with almost 100% yesterday.
I won first prize in Marathon yesterday, i am very happy.
I had lunch with my wife and daughter at my favorite Mexican restaurant.
I kissed my wife.
Going to the store and picking up some rare beer
My daughter wore an appropriate outfit that was cute and looked great on her.
That my husband got a one dollar raise added to his hourly income, and he has 4 vacation days to use up still.
Ate mexican food for dinner.
when I am going to office morning,i have not stuck in traffic ..this is also a happy moment
I went to a supermarket where I don't usually go, but a product that I like but seldom can buy because the supermarket is not close by, and had this product for lunch.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I played video games with my kids and we all had a blast.
It made me happy that my daughter received praise at work from her superior.
Yesterday my wife prepared me a very delicious meal and it reminded me of my mothers cooking taste and i was very happy.
i went to watch movie last night
I went clothes shopping with my children and was able to find everything we needed.
I reached my daily work goal which made me happy.
Finally picking out a new mattress and bed
When I stepped on the scale this morning it showed that I've officially lost 8 pounds!
Pizza didn't come out burned at all.
The day was sunny with a slight breeze.
I was happy to receive the cigars I ordered a day earlier than expected.
My boyfriend and I had awesome sex before bed, it was great.
I come back to me home from office and i see my newphew at home who came from austria after 3 years.
My wife let me play Zelda on the big tv last night.
I stepped on the scale yesterday and saw that I had lost 1.2 pounds.
I went shopping and got some very good deals.
I made a large mug of coffee.
I made sugar cookies.
Cooking dinner for my girlfriend and her being extra appreciative.
I rewatched a movie that I didn't like much the first time and was surprised to find it far more enjoyable.
My baby smiled at me
Being able to breath again without being dependent on constantly utilizing an asthma inhaler.
As a teacher working at a charter school, I received two new students that just enrolled.
My neighbor raises rabbits and I found out just a few hours ago, that I'm getting bunnies, 2 I think.
Presenting my research at a research conference at my university.
I received my letter of admission in the mail to the University that I applied to.
I had sex with my partner.
I reached an important milestone in a book that I'm writing.
i watched movie with my friends
Finding a show on amazon prime which I actually enjoyed made me happy in the past 24 hours.
I love play Soccer with my Friends during the day
My dog finally learn to catch the ball tonight.
I found out that my son, who is in Kindergarten, is testing at a 2nd grade level.
I had the opportunity to watch my daughter speak in front of her entire school at an assembly this morning.
I met my coworker and her bf wanted for drinks and they (along with the beer, the everything pretzel, and the ice cream) made me really happy.
I enjoyed playing Foosball with my daughter tonight.
Celebrated 60th Birth Day of my Father
A child whom I tutor weekly was about to leave our session with her mother and she raced back to me, grabbed my waist and told me she loved me.
Watching my partner complete a workout and seeing him be proud of himself (he's been injured recently).
Watching an ASMR Youtube video after getting home from work.
My husband made me a birthday cake with sprinkles.
An old friend of mine came into town unexpectedly and we spent the whole day together.
An event that happened this morning that made me happy was going to my Mother's home and having a cup of tea with her.
My kids played well together while we were at a store.
I was playing disc golf, which I am new to, and make a shot from about 30 feet away.
my son adopted a kitten.
My husband and I got our initial approval for a mortgage to buy the house we've been wanting.
yesterday, i got a new mobile is my happiest moment.
I enjoyed a wonderful home cooked meal.
When i saw my physics perfect A+ grade
This evening I was able to try a rare beer that I have been waiting to have for a while.
yesterday, i got a new mobile is my happiest moment.
The day with my wife
I finally spent some time with my wife.
I was happy to talk to my parents for the first time in a long time.
Me and my co-worker completed a difficult job at work.
Going to popeyes has made me happy.
I saw my husband today after 2 whole days of not seeing him at all.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me I was laughing
I listened to the first episode of a new podcast and I'm looking forward to binging the rest tomorrow.
I had lunch with some friends at work and we had a engaging conversation about our plans for the weekend
I listened to Carlos Rivera sing two songs.
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me..i was laughing.
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me..i was laughing.
When I woke up to the smell of coffee that my girlfriend made for me.
I worked out for an hour.
My in-laws surprised me with a pie because I have had a tough week.
We went beach and play some funny game.
I got one of the last donuts in the break room.
I was able to take the cone off of my cat because she had healed from surgery and she was much happier.
I purchased a latest model Television today.
I was very happy last 24 hours when I received my incentive from my current working
I had drinks and watched a good funny movie with my boyfriend.
Going out for dinner with  family
When I was driving home from dropping my husband off at work, I viewed a very beautiful sunrise.
Today I went to my friend Joanna's marriage and there I see many of my old friends.
I finally purchased a membership for which i was striving.
My husband bought a new car first time after our marriage
I had a successful day at work in regards to helping people
I hit a straight flush while playing poker.
Yesterday I went for lunch with my friends n got one good news that one of my friend is above to get engage I was so happy .
In the last 24 hours I complete a project at work that was challenging.
We all school friend met in the alumni get together and had nice time sharing our memories.
Finishing my last class of the week.
I talked to my girlfriend today.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I had a great online fight video game with my friend and won in that match.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I bought one new bike yesterday and went a long drive in that bike and that moment make me feel happy.
yesterday i went to my sister home to celebrate their birthday party.all my relatives are get in together to enjoy the party.we presented a gift also.it was interesting and enjoyable moment
yesterday i went to my sister home to celebrate their birthday party.all my relatives are get in together to enjoy the party.we presented a gift also.it was interesting and enjoyable moment
My girlfriend brought me lunch today.
I had applied for a scholarship for one of my online course and didnt receive any message from the university reg that.But today morning when the postman handed over the cover, it was from the university that I had been granted a scholarship making me very happy !
I'm happy I could manage to meet my daily work targets even on my holiday.
I was listening to pop music and rnb yesterday in the day  and that always makes me happy
I finished an important work project I had been working on for weeks.
I went for a long drive with my family in a car.There we planed for Get together party with my whole family.I enjoyed a lot.
Eating tasty food with deeply fried chicken leg piece
Me and My went went for the purchase after long time.
My wife made a burger for me.
I was able to get my car washed and put into my garage before it started raining, which was satisfying.
I got up real early in the morning and didn't feel tired for a change and went and worked out.
What made me really happy is that my daughter got a job offer for a great position she really wanted.
I went to my girlfriend's house with a salad from Wendys, but instead they offered me some of their dinner, which was much better.
I got home last night and played my favorite video game for hours.
I was happy today when a friend I have not seen in a long time called me and wanted to go to lunch.
We finally managed to get the kitchen sink unclogged after hours of labor.
I was able to play video games for the first time in a few weeks.
My husband made me a nice meal of a favorite dish.
I drank a very sweet drink.
My son's reaction seeing me when I picked him up from daycare was my happy moment yesterday.
It rained so I didn't have to do a bunch of yard work.
My husband reading a book to my son made me happy.
Despite having a crazy day at work yesterday, I was able to get off of work early.
My daughter cooked dinner
I made a healthy dinner.
I worked in a lab by arriving early and I was able to progress by really fast with getting the correct answers so I could leave early.
I was able to go to the gym for the first time in a while yesterday, which always makes me feel happy.
I found some cute clothes on clearance with excellent prices.
I went out to lunch with co-workers yesterday and had a pleasant, yet lively conversation.
Last night was board game night at our house, I won both games we played.
My dog didn't pee in her crate all night.
My sister found out she was pregnant, I'm finally going to be an uncle!
I ate some pizza slices from my favorite place on the way home from work.
I spoke to a few of my friends about a trip that we have upcoming this weekend, and our plans.
I got to relax and eat at my favorite take out Chinese restaurant at lunch.
I found fruits at the grocery store for a very cheap price.
I watched a funny youtube video
I made some tea by the fire.
I was selected to take training at work.
I went to the club with my friends and had a great time together and felt happy.
The weather has gotten better and I was able to spend some time outside in the sun.
Listening to a new podcast.
I didn't have to go into work today.
I bought a peach tree to replace one that died in my backyard.
I made low fat banana bread.
my boyfriend brought me flowers few hours ago
I made a dinner that came out particularly good.
My cat came and hugged me as I slept.
It made me happy when I went to the park and walked around with my friend.
My brother told me he got into med school!
I got an A on my math test.
My 7 month old daughter sat up by herself from laying on her back.
My daughter called me
I mailed in my final payment for for my car and now I don't owe anything on it.
I surpassed my daily earnings goal on mTurk!
Another event that made me happy was my daughter coloring me a picture.
I was able to use a new process to more efficiently complete a task at work
My husband bought me a coffee and delivered it to my office this morning.
I opened the front door only to see my grand-daughter running up the walk to see me and hug me.
I found one reagent I searched for a few days online, which would be very important to my working.
There was a funny scene in a movie that I was seeing for the first time.
I completed reading a Leo Tolstoy novel of 803 pages.
My twin boys got very happy to see me when I picked them up after school.
I went to work and all my favorite co workers were there today.
I made an amazing salad for dinner that was very good.
i had dinner with my dog.
My husband hugged and kissed me to wake me up.
i got suprise from my friend
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
I got to spend time with a group of friend's in our Bible study.
I laid down with my puppies after a long day, they showered me with kisses.
My husband played valley ball that  time I expected more score but he didn't score
The day with my pet
I went out to dinner with my mom and my husband.
I watched survivor and it was crazy and entertaining.
My aunt bought me a huge packet of my favorite instant coffee.
When I am getting ready to go my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say '' Have a nice day and Take care.''
I went out for dinner, which I do once a week.
I found out that I was going to get a promotion at work which I've been waiting for a long while on.
I saw my aunt at the church hall this afternoon.
I got to job shadow a company and received free things
My kid brought home a good report card which made me feel happy.
.. loved ones a Surprise Gift inthe parents my welcome party and i am very happy moment
Progressing a little further through my 15th guitar song I'm now learning called "We Three Kings".
My co worker offered me some cake at lunch.
Earlier today my daughter managed to find her missing dress shoe that has been missing for weeks, so now I don't have to buy her new shoes for Easter.
I took a long relaxing hot shower after having run a bunch of errands all morning.
I was able to pick up my daughter from school.
We have got our loan sanctioned which we have applied
Today my boss arrange a 6th ceremony of our office, its a small and happy moment for me.
The boss at work is away so there's less pressure.
I drove to the city for my son's doctor appointment and I felt energized by doing the drive and seeing the city because I spend much of my time at home.
last night i do sex with my lover
I got payment from a client
My sister and her family came in to town for a visit.
i was able to finish of my work and left for home before my usual time.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
my husband took me to dress purchase
I ate a really great sandwich that I had made myself.
I cleaned my apartment and resolved some clutter.
My family got a new puppy.
I worked out at the gym.
A long pray for my wished to Allah in mosque makes my  wish fulfilled
Target had my favorite body wash on sale.
Checking my balance on my bank account and getting paid earlier than usual.
Yesterday, my cute baby boy (1 year age) started to speak few new words and started to caling me & explain his feelings happily while playing with toys.
I worked outside on my lawn.
I bought a new pair of shoes
I was able to purchase dinner for a friend of mine who wasn't able to buy their own dinner.
While out grocery shopping I found some white chocolate macadamia nut cookies that I had been wanting for the last few months.
My husband brought my favorite cake when he came back from work.
I love lasagna and had some for dinner.
Helping my children design and make costumes for World Book day made me happy.
Buying a few snacks at the store made me feel pretty happy.
I found that I loose my weight by two Kilos.
I went to a baby shower and it was fun and I felt happy both for myself and the mother to be.
I got a free coffee at the coffee shop.
I had hotcakes for breakfast this morning made my happy today.
I had a dinner party at my house last evening with friends and family.
I was able to control my feelings and anger while having a hard night with my kid.
I bought a new portable heater for camping/emergencies.
The news that my boss will return to office on Monday after a weeklong official assignment made me happy.
I ordered Chinese food last night as a treat for myself.
My best friend called me and invited me to a baseball game this week.
I spent time with my parents.
My daughter and I went for an evening jog.
My daughter, who is eleven months old, took 4 steps on her own.
My sister came by for a visit and brought my favorite cake along.
I got a lot of currency in my video game, which made me really happy.
Goodbye kisses from my children at the bus stop.
My kids were able to play outside for a while before it rained, and therefore got some energy out!
I ate some good food with my girlfriend.
Having dinner with my husband and my children.
I ordered lunch from a pizza place I have wanted to try for some time.
I called my girlfriend and talked for 30 minutes.
I had a good phone conversation with my parents
Today I was very tired after my day's work.Seeing my tiredness my mother decided to make my favourite food to relieve me.I was so surprised that she cooked 7 dishes alone within a small period.I was very happy to see that and I ate till I could finally stop eating
I came home to my family
Today, I received the parcel for my purchase order for my new Samsung gear 360 and I am very happy.
Taking a sick day off of work allowed me to finish a lot of things on my to-do list that I would not have done had I been at work.
I was happy to see that a coworker had been promoted.
I'm getting the hang of my new job.
My job interview went well.
I watched one of my favorite tv programs.
i cooked something that many people liked it made me really happy
I finally sold an item on eBay today.
The weather outside today was nice and pleasant.
I went for a walk out in a park and listened to some new music.
Getting some time to myself at the end of the day to do surveys and achieve my daily goal made me happy.
I called an old friend and caught up.
I ordered take out sushi from a place I love
My daughter did well on her test in school.
I love go to a stadium with my sons to watch the Football game
I got a great review from my boss at work over a project I finished.
The price of gas in my particular gasoline station fell 10 cents a gallon.
I tried a flavor of tea that I had never had before and it was really good.
I heard from a relative that I hadn't heard from in a long time.
Tried a new recipe that turned out great!
my wife sent me a snapchat of her tits.
I defeated my friend in 8 ball pool three times in a row.
I played rainbow six seige on my PS4 and we won the three rounds consecutively.
Went out for dinner at the food court with my daughter.
I came home from my doctor's appointment and my husband had gotten the kids' lunch all set up and I didn't have to do anything.
I was able to complete a television series I started watching a few weeks ago.
I had fun chasing iguanas around.
I am taking a vacation day tomorrow.
I was able to get a great deal on an item I was looking to purchase.
I wanted to get lunch, but I didn't feel like going anywhere, but I remembered I had some pizza in the fridge.
My cat food, rolling pin, and bottle of perfume arrived in the mail.
I carefully prepared a cup of hot cocoa to which I added milk, half and half, and chocolate syrup and it turned out tastey.
Today I spoke with my father and arranged to meet him for dinner in the coming week.
The day with my daughter.she is very naught
MY DAUGHTER'S BIRTHDAY WE ARE GOING TO HOTEL.THAT IS HAPPY MOMENT.
I felt happy when I had a latte from dunkin donuts.
A class was cancelled so I had more free time.
I got to talk to my dad after not seeing him for a few weeks while he was in another state on business.
My daughter picked a bunch of daffodils and gave them to me as a present.
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me.i was laughing
I received an award at work.
I was happy when i cooked and ate a delicious breakfast this morning
My mom sent me a funny youtube clip of a baby and a puppy playing together.
I went over my girlfriends house and played with her cat and dog.
I discovered a new trick to help make my tasks at work easier.
I video chatted with my parents whom I haven't seen for several weeks now as they are overseas.
I studied for a class at the library for around three hours.
I received an email from my mom and she signed it by saying "I love you"
Today I see my old best friend and we talk some old memories.
I played the game topple with my nephew.
My favorite tv show was on, and I actually had time to watch it.
I cuddled with my big soft fluffy dog on the couch while watching tv.
I fixed a problem at work, migrating a computer to a different network, that had been an ongoing issue for the last week.
I had the luxury of being treated out to a nice dinner by my father and the food was delicious.
MY WIFE TRAVELLING TO HER HOME TOWN AND SHE WILL BE COMING AFTER TWO MONTS
My daughter came first at school in a dance competition
The dinner that I cooked tonight turned out the way I wanted.
My daughter did the dishes after supper today.
My supervisor appreciated me for the great work I have done.
I received a call from a company that wanted to interview me.
I was able to watch a new video from my favorite youtube channel.
I went to shopping mall.
I heard my daughter say 3 new words tonight.
Talking to my cousin I never get to see.
I went to Yoga and Meditaion class.
I talked to a friend I haven't seen or talked to in a while
I WENT TO SHOPPING
i made breakfast to day
Playing a local poker game online for a large amount of money and coming out first and winning a very large amount of money, but it wasn't just the winning it is the respect I now get for that win and a few others, amazing.
I woke up early and went on a walk with my dog.
My brother brought me a Snickers bar when he went to the store.
I bought a new car
I enjoyed nice big evening meal after I got back from the walk with fresh garlic and salad.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I created a virtual server on my laptop in Windows 2K8 OS by which anyone can access files on a drive on my laptop specified by me through a link and so it works like an online storage solution which makes me happy.
I learned from my landlord that my dryer will be fixed tomorrow after nearly a week and a half without clean clothes.
i bought my mom her favorite gift and made me happy
My co worker/friend told me they got engaged.
i finally planned a week vacation for my family
One of the guys I took on as a novice let me know he was going to culinary school and gave me a small gift as a thank you for training him.
My sister came to meet me with her neighbor.
My father gifted me latest bike yesterday, very happy.
I was happy when I received an unexpected gift card in the mail yesterday for something I completed months ago.
Yesterday i went to comedy movie and enjoyed a lot and i was very happy because everyone enjoyed the movie.
Another event that made me happy was being awoken by my dog affectionately.
today i met with my primary school friend, and we have decided that this Sunday we are going to forest tours.
I was able to sustain from drinking.
I taught my daughter how to do her taxes and she filed them with little assistance from me.
What makes me happy is that I get to go shopping all day long!
I was able to figure out a problem I was having with data in a software program and run the analysis I wanted to conduct.
My girlfriend and I got to relax once my stepson was asleep, was great to see her finally get to unwind with Greys Anatomy.
I had some homemade oatmeal cookies for dessert.
MY DOG'S EXAM AT THE VET TURNED OUT GREAT HIS KIDNEYS ARE WORKING FINE.
Buying a new tv for my den in the basement.
I was able to loan my mom money to help throw a better party for her husband's birthday and she was extremely grateful.
My seedlings have started to sprout!
I received a call from a person I am currently dating and had a very good conversation and date set for tonight.
I sent an updated W-4 to my employer updating my tax withholdings to have the government withhold LESS of my taxes each month!
I got a new CD in the mail and had a chance to listen to it yesterday for the first time.
I bought a little flying dragon pet thing that follows my avatar around on GaiaOnline.
The market I go to buy fruits brought cheers to me as I found few fresh berries and apples along with other of my favorite fruits.
I was happy when my wife and I went to Ram's Horn to eat.
My husband and I cuddled and fell asleep
I was praised for all of my hard work and organization at my job.
I received a ring that I had ordered in the mail and got to wear it for a few hours.
When I came to bed last night, my wife was asleep on her side of the bed.
My daughter gave me a hundred hugs and kisses last night before bed, being super snuggly and sweet.
I won concert tickets on the radio.
i go to shopping at the time i saw one blind person and i help  cross the road.
MY MOMS BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION SO I ENJOYED THE PARTY IN MY HOME
The moment that made me happy is I purchased a new ring for my girlfriend that moment made me happy.
i made breakfast to day
I went to my favorite restaurant and ate a good meal.
I was really stressed out and instead of taking it out on my family I announced that I was going to go to the store to buy everyone ice cream.
This morning i found out that I got a 98 on my accounting exam
A manager from a sister store told me that she remembered me because I was so kind and helpful and patient with her.
last night i meet my childhood friend ,that time i feel very happy and that day we are enjoy a lot.we went a movie and also dinner at restaurant.
My son went to school after vacations, happily.
I bought a new lenovo laptop today
My daughter took my Christmas tree down so it wouldn't be up on April Fools Day.
My friend came and got me to go to a club meeting, telling me my other friends were waiting for me.
My wife got Government Job
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My happiest moment is today as my daughter has won the first prize in the essay writing competition.
I went over several photos with a friend to decide which ones to enter into a contest and it made me happy to be with my friend and hear positive feedback about the photos.
I brought a new pair of headphones
I went to a judge a barbecue cook off and got to taste a lot of good food, which last night was fajitas.
My wife kiss me today morning that make me sooo happy
I received my salary
My mother and her boyfriend came over to my house to spend time with my son and I.
The day with my wife
I ordered my favorite burrito from my favorite restaurant and it was DE-LISH!
Went to watch movie with my friend after a long time.
Last night it made me happy when my son selflessly shared his snack with his sister.
My neighbor came over to share good news about their family.
Something very small but yet held so much meaning to me, my nephew who lives in NJ ( I live in LA) facetimed with me and showed me his "first" steps and said hi aunt manda....it made my heart smile...that he knew who I was even though we've only formally met 2-3 times.
A friend remembered that yesterday was a holiday called "Hug a Medievalist Day," and, because I'm a medievalist, she gave me a hug; it was a surprise to have it remembered and nice to receive a hug.
I got same design dress for me and my daughter
When I took my class to lunch, they were actually well-behaved.
My husband and I had a delicious dinner with my godsister whom I had not seen in a few months.
I was happy today to hear from my cousin who lives in New Mexico
I am happy that my child is awarded as a young scientist.
2 hours before i bought apple i phone ....this is more and more happiest moment....
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
A MEDICAL BILL WHICH I SPEND FOR TREATMENT OF MY WIFE REIMBURSED TO ME AND THAT AMOUNT CREDITED IN MY BANK ACCOUNT MADE ME HAPPY.
My 2 month vacation started yesterday.
i m very happy when we go to a water park on first summer of this vacation.
I watched a good movie with one of my favorite actors.
My best friend brought me a cupcake and chipotle
Listening to music.
I received some money from mechanical turk.
Received bonus from my company yesterday, feeling good.
I finished up a week-long project today.
I got free pizza in my marketing club.
My favorite team in the NBA won with a margin of eleven points against their rival.
When my mother made a surprise visit bringing with her my favourite fruit cake and marzipan.
My girlfriend brought me breakfast to bed, while I was still sleepy it was a pleasant and tasty surprise.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My son wanted to sit in my lap and cuddle while we read books.
my family members are going to exhibition very enjoyed .that movement with my kids.
Happy as it stopped raining
I got a new character in a game that I was playing that I needed.
I taught my youngest dog a new trick (shake).
I was excited to run into an old friend that I hadn't seen in a while while grocery shopping.
My son won a gold medal for spell bee competition.
I sat in the sun in complete silence during my work break today.
I was happy today and it was raining and I could stay home and clean my apartment
i went to orphanage and met lot of poor children then playing with them making lot of joy and happy...
smile on face of a beggar when I offered him sandwhich
YESTERDAY WE WENT RESTAURANT WITH ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS WITHOUT MISSING OUT ANYONE.IT WAS A UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.SUCH A GREAT TIME THAT I SPEND ANYMORE.
when I went back to bed after breakfast.
What made me happy is finding a person to workout with .
I talked to an old friend of mine over the phone.
the season finale of Grimm was on and I was really excited to watch it
we are go to shopping it was very happy
I received an award at work.
I was given the opportunity to take a written exam for a new government job.
I had dinner with a former co-worker.
When I surprised my brother with a dslr camera on his birthday.
One of my friend shared a funny video and I see it.
I got to spend time with family and relax all evening.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
When a good friend called up to apologise over a misunderstanding we had.
My son and I played a video game together and laughed about my clumsy usage.
Finally talk to parents after an long gap.. it feels great.. blessed.. period..
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Landing a huge long-term deal with a client for my private business company.
i had ordered a pair of sneakers from amazon and it just arrived a few hours back, and it looks better than i had expected.
Spring break started.
speding time with my kitty .she is a amazing cat I'm so glad we found her.she loves playing with us and we take great care of here.
I was walking on the street doing some grocery shopping and I gave a glass of fresh and chilled watermelon juice to a poor and thirsty man on the road.
The day with my pet
I prepared chicken soup in my home and had it.The soup was so tasty.
One of my friend passed away, and although this made me very sad it also showed how many people really cared about him as they shared fond memories of time with him.
I installed the Libby app on my iPad, successfully logged on to my local library, downloaded a short story, and read it.
Yesterday i went to my friends birthday party and i was very happy that i met all of my old friends and we ate variety of foods and enjoyed a lot.
Seeing my husband on his lunch break always makes me happy.
I got to see my French Lop rabbit and play with him and give him banana.
I had my first cup of coffee since 2 months ago, which was delicious and it warmed me right up, and made me feel full of life so I was very happy, and I'm still happy.
Made myself a great breakfast....enjoyed it more than usual...it came out "picture-perfect"....
I tried a new brand of snack chips that a friend recommended to me and loved them!
I went to a fashion show fundraiser luncheon today with some friends.
I went out with coworkers for a drink after a meeting, and it was one of the first times I've felt included while working at my job.
Earlier today I was able to reach legend in a online card game I was playing.
Today I took a hike with my dogs through the woods by my house.
I was able to watch my three boys play together in the gym at our church.
I found im going to be aunt first time.
My daughter sat with me on the couch after her nap for a little while.
I am making progress at work, and finished my training.
My oldest dog peacefully passed away, kinda sad that's she's gone but at the same time happy that she passed away without pain.
I was sent photos of my daughter having a wonderful time on her class trip, her first time out of the country and away from us.
My kids played an april fools day prank on me first thing this morning so we started our day laughing.
I watched one of the new Dave Chappelle stand-up comedy specials on Netflix.
my 2 year old gave me a big hug and said daddy.
I was out running and it started to rain on me lightly, which was thrilling because I love to run in the rain.
Went to my favorite actor's movie
I played soccer with my youngest son today.
I baked an awesome ice cream cake for the very first time.
My youngest daughter has been suffering from the flu for almost a week and today she woke up without a fever for the first time.
I met my five year old grandson and his Mama for the first time!
it was an awesome day yesterday we friends went to beach with fishing rods and net and captured fish with the help of three persons there , it was really enjoyable
The sun was shining for the first time in a long time.
I got my new car delivered to me
My family went out for a family fun night of bowling and games.
I was having a rough morning and went I went to my tutoring session the tutor noticed and went above and beyond his job expectations to ensure that I was having a better day.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Talking to my husband about our future together.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I was happy when I saw my cat make his bed on top of a plastic bag.
While driving from office to home.
We all went to watch Beauty and the Beast to theater.
My family and i had a great time having lunch at BareBurger.
I met my friend in railway station and spoke with her for 20 minutes.
It stopped raining outside so I was able to go out.
Bought mangoes after an year
Open the newly delivered amazon package
the event was my mom had gave me a brand new iphone 7 and i was very very happy
i visit my sisters home to day
Yesterday i went to my sister house and she prepared me very good lunch and i was very happy because the lunch was prepared with our traditional dishes and i was very happy to eat it.
I ate my favourite dish
I got a call from my parents telling me some good news.
I got news from my supervisor that my request for a 7 day extension on my history project was approved.
My sister did what i asked her to.
My girlfriend and I went to land that we bought together and enjoyed the spring weather.
I spent time outside at the park with my daughter.
The sun came out and the temperature climbed into the high 70s, and I basked in the warmth.
I went to a butterfly exhibit with my boyfriend yesterday.
I took a piece of paper and got my cat to chase it and she had so much fun she started purring.
Two of my closest friends came over last night and we drank wine and visited and laughed for hours!
I got to see some people unexpectedly who I have not seen in awhile.
I was cuddling with my girlfriend in bed.
I received a call from my boss to tell me that my April Fool's joke that I left for her to find got her and she got a good chuckle out of it.
I spent a fun evening with my boyfriend and his friend eating Mexican food.
Rick and Morty came out with a surprise episode last night.
I got to facetime with my dad and see the look on his face when i told him he is going to have another grandchild.
When I hugged my elderly uncle goodbye at my aunt's funeral home visitation this time yesterday, he smiled at me and said, "I'm your favorite, aren't I?"
I started playing Bob Marley's 'Three Little Birds' on the ukulele and both my kids started singing with me.
I gave my niece a birthday present that I made for her.
A couple of people made an appointment to come look at our house that is up for sale.
I went for a function and to my surprise I saw the girl I loved too much.
I went on an incredible hike with my sister and we got to explore a cool waterfall.
I attended the 107.03 groove party and had a great time with friends.
I was working on editing my dissertation and it went really well.
Yesterday, I was at the circus with my family, and I was extremely happy
Asuka kept the NXT Women's Championship.
My mom made one of my favorite meals yesterday and I was able to have leftovers for today also.
I was able to work online without any problems.
I watched some good horror movies over the weekend, including the film Martyrs, which is extremely scary.
While playing a team based game, a player I'd never interacted with before complimented my skills and thanked me for healing them so well.
I taught a board game to family members who hadn't played much games, after struggling through first game, everyone understood how to play the game and really liked
I got out of work and knew that I had the next day off, (Sunday).
Hanging out with my son eating chicken soup.
Going to dinner with a group of friends
Getting this HIT again.
I went out to dinner, and I saw a server who remembered my favorite meal.
Watching my son make a new friend at the playground.
I made us a big hearty breakfast consisting of eggs, ham and hash-browns.
I had a glass of wine ALONE.
The day became so hot that it felt like summer and I could finally put a dress on.
My daughter surprised me by bringing me dinner.
Went out to dinner with friends and family for my dads birthday.
I had pizza for lunch, I love pizza makes me happy.
I saw my best friend yesterday night for dinner.
I found out that I'm going to be having dinner with some friends tonight.
Last night my cat slept peacefully next to me all night, then smiled at me and put his paw lovingly on my hand in the morning when I woke up.
I got to watch my alma mater play in the Final Four (unfortunately they lost).
Just today I was raking the copious pile of leaves in the front yard when a neighbor came over, introduced himself and helped me.
Opening day of baseball season has arrived.
The guy I have been seeing recently for about 3 months came to my house with flowers for no apparent reason.
I FINISHED SHOVELING THE DRIVEWAY AFTER THE SNOW STORM !
I went on a long bike ride, about 22 miles, while I listened to music
My favorite soccer team won the game
I reupped so I got some more weed.
My baby isn't much of a laugher, but last night she made the cutest laughs that made me laugh myself.
I spoke to my mom on the phone and she's feeling better.
Mississippi State beat UCONN last night.
Watching my favorite show while drinking wine.
My daughter called and told me that she just got a new full time job in the town where she and her husband just moved to.
Having lunch with my mother.
My favorite lunch meat was on special and on sale at the grocery store.
I had time to explore a national park.
Feeling myself get stronger at yoga today because I've been doing it more often lately.
Went to grab a new pair of shoes.
I got to go home early from work, since I had worked overtime many of the days beforehand and my project completed.
I got to nap when my daughter napped.
made myself a delicious egg salad
I took my children to a local festival.
I completed a 10 page research paper.
I was happy that I heard my music online.
today i finally taught my dog how to give a high five, it was a big feeling of accomplishment for the two of us after weeks of working on it with slow progress now it's smooth sailing.
My spouse asked me if I wanted to go to a movie with her.
We are working on training our dog, and I was happy when she successfully reacted in the appropriate way.
I found a travel bug in a Geocache.
Finish what i intended to do that was hitting my quota and beyond.
Tried a new pizza place that opened in my neighborhood and it's very good!
I finished a project at work at the end of the day yesterday; it was my goal to finish before I left work.
I felt happy when my dog was being extra cuddly.
I made a delicious dinner and my picky son loved it.
I went to the gym and saw the guy that gives me butterflies every time I see him.
My husband cooked breakfast for us today and cleaned up the kitchen after himself.
i was able to relax and not think about work.
I was having dinner with my parents and my dad said something really funny that had us laughing for a long time.
I got a kiss from my wife!
I finished a project for work that I had been working on for months.
Small child teaches  young man.
my family going to temple
I got my paycheck deposited into my bank account, and I got a bonus for working super well.
On my way to work my favorite song came on the radio.
I was able to have steak on the grill made for me, so delicious to have a home cooked meal.
I was very happy when my son playing with whole day
I made dinner.
My best friend told me that she looks up to me as a sister.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT MOVIE.
I met my old class teacher long back
While talking to my parents about my day.
My boyfriend and I spent the afternoon together and it was  amazing.
I prepared my best jollof spaghetti so far!
My boyfriends brought me rose this morning and it's not even my birthday.
I ate a good BBQ sandwich with my friend.
Last Friday I brought a new car which was the long waiting dream for we all.
My partner and I had a disagreement which we resolved easily and respectfully, and I am grateful that we were able to communicate with each other so well.
My mother made my favorite dinner in the world, her special meatloaf.
played clash of clans manual game in railroad with group of friends.
Watched my daughter with the easter bunny yesterday.
My first cousin who is very close to me visited me after a long time.
I went to church.
I went out to eat at a Mexican restaurant.
I was able to talk with and old friend who I haven't been able to in a long time.
My puppy graduated from Puppy Level 1 training and he did so well.
My boss called me on a Saturday to tell me he was pleased with my work from the past week.
I was able to watch an event in sports and drink some beers with some friend last night that was really fun.
I saw the Tar Heels win in the Final Four.
I was doing a microwork transcription that was rather annoying because the audio was not clearly, and I was happy to hit the submit button and be done with with.
Getting to see my cat after being away for 6 months, he was very glad to see me too.
I had lunch at a sushi buffet restaurant with my boyfriend and son.
Another thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to purchase a few things I wanted online.
I was able to make some great progress in my programming class.
Another event that made me happy was walking my dog.
I talked to my daughter on the phone
My friend sent me a text to say she missed me and was thinking about me, and wanted to go to the hot springs with us soon.
My Mom made brownies
My spouse made me a great dinner
My husband and infant daughter are not very sick even though they have the flu.
I learned about a new application called Discord which lets me communicate with other people online and can replace IRC.
My mom saw I wasn't feeling super well and offered to wash my bed clothes when I brought them downstairs to wash them myself.
I received a game that I ordered through the mail yesterday.
I tried a goat cheese sample, and I love goat cheese.
I got a hot guys phone number.
I purchased a book for my son that I felt would help him with anxiety.
I got a promotion at work.
Going to church with my wife.
Last night I had a very satisfying intimate encounter with my girlfriend.
Today my hi fi stereo finally working normally, I can browsing internet  with listen my favorite music channel.
My girlfriend laying her head on my shoulder and cuddling up next to me while watching the final episode of Game of Thrones, season 6.
Another event that made me happy was being able to watch a movie with my wife last night before bed.
I found something healthy to eat after searching, since I really don't want to eat the unhealthy bun.
I found out that I'm going to be going on a run with a friend later today.
My wife and I had some great sex.
Talking to my significant other.
I studied for two hours this morning.
The person taking my order at the drive-thru was very friendly.
Drove to the mountains with my wife and enjoyed the sunset.
I finished a good book
I finished my book and I can now go on and begin the next book in the series, and I'm excited to start the next one because of the ending of the first book.
I received a text from a friend that I hadn't heard from in a long time.
The weather is nice enough today that we are able to cook steaks on the grill outside.
I watched a very good movie at the cinema
Making myself a perfect lunch.
I rode my bike through the woods.
I practiced playing the ukulele.
I bought  ethical chocolate for a dollar each.
I pet my dog a bit n she spazzed out, wiggling and shaking her stumpy tail.
I had ice cream with my friend Liz.
We ordered pizza tonight.
I just learned that the new season of Doctor Who is premiering in mid April instead of August!
I enjoyed a brisk walk outside this afternoon.
I got to pet my landlord's new puppy and see them attempt to take the puppy on her first walk.
Today when I was working on mturk I got some extra dollars as bonus from a requestor.That bonus made my day .The bonus was really motivating and appreciating for me.It was very happy for me to receive bonus for my work.
I sat on my couch and watched the activity outdoors.
Our daughter came to eat with us at the senior retirement center where my husband and I live.
I work with disabled adults and one of my clients comforted another client who was feeling sad.
Yesterday I received a small bonus from my place of employement and although it was not a significant amount, I still felt happy about it.
My dog was happy to see my husband when he had been gone for a conference.
I completed a mission in a game on the phone.
I went for a long walk this afternoon and it was very pleasant, got some blood in my legs.
I watched 'Inside Out' with my son.
I went to church tonight and heard an amazing message about how Christ can and does use us.
What made me happy was telling my coworkers an April Fool's joke.
I finished a reading project that needed to be completed.
My dog suffered an injury at the park earlier this week and is starting to use her leg again.
Taking my family out to eat for lunch and not having to wait to be seated.
I went on a run for the first time in 2 weeks, and the sunny weather during my run put me in a good mood.
I spent some time with my husband.
I played some video games.
I ate really good sushi.
I signed back up for the WWE Network streaming service and watched a live event with the service.
I got my test grades back today and I got a B on my test.
Eating a special treat with my significant other
completed a big issue and was praises by my manager
when i gave the money to my parents and they thank me a lot for this
I watched Netflix Live Cancelled and really enjoyed what I watched.
Another event that made me happy within the past 24 hours was having a nice conversation with my mother on the phone.
I took cute pictures to post on instagram of my trip so far that I love just looking at.
I made potstickers for dinner and they were fantastic.
I went swimming at a local YMCA.
My father came home today from our village after a long vacation.
I listened to my favorites songs as I cooked this afternoon and I smiled and moved my hips while chopping veggies.
Listening to the great Lauren from IHOP worship music.
When my family cooked and buying my favorite clothing for me.
My brother got his first paycheck yesterday and so treated me and my mom to lunch.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I bought fresh fish from the market at a very low price and it made me happy as the fish was very tasty
I got to have lunch with my spouse.
My boyfriend sent me a text message from work stating that he missed me.
Went to theater with my family
My team wins a exciting football match today.
I don't need to worry about work for some moment
My wife added a couple of snails to her fish tank and I really like one because it's huge I call it Snailzilla.
I had a bonfire with my family and I loved it.
I landed a good paying survey on mturk yesterday.
I was happy about attending the music festival in Raleigh.
my first present to my mom by my own money
My wife made sticky buns for breakfast this AM.
My baby lifted up her head for a long time while cuddling with my husband.
The whole family went to a special storytime event together.
I had received a bonus for my week effort on my job.
I got a discount on my shirt it was great.
I fell asleep in the arms of my boyfriend, something I don't get to do very often.
I ate steak and mashed potatoes.
My boyfriend and I had a good conversation over the phone.
I receive a phone call from the girl i like,about a book we talk yesterday,she want to borrow it and that gives me positive vibes that she might like me.
I watched my new favorite movie last night, Fantastic Beasts, and really enjoyed it, again!
I resisted temptation and ate a salad for lunch thus being healthy.
Finally getting to sit down and play some video games
i was happy today when i heard my favorite song on the radio.
I got an email from a friend I haven't heard from in a while, and I responded to him.
I watched the show "powerless" with my girlfriend and we both really enjoyed it.
For the first time I made a soft cake successfully and all family members enjoyed and appreciated the taste was not less than a cake ordered from cake tree
I watched episodes of my favorite tv show.
My cat rolled around on his back in the sunlight and it was ridiculously cute.
I cooked a recipe I saved on the Internet for dinner.
Another event that made me happy was reading a good book.
Enjoyed to Watch New film
I stopped by Pizza Hut and got a pepperoni and sausage stuffed crust pizza.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to cook a nice meal for people to enjoy.
I cleaned my car and now when I drive around in a clean car I am happy.
My student loan payments didn't bounce and my bank account isn't negative.
I played board games with some friends.
My friend and I were able to pass a difficult level on a video game we were unable to complete for a long time.
I was happy listening to songs from Iron Maiden
I took a long nap in the afternoon because I felt really tired.
I enjoyed a cappuccino at my favorite coffee shop.
The season premiere of Rick and Morty was amazing, and I had waited so long for it!
My car had been making a funny noise and I was worried about a big repair bill but I found an honest mechanic who found only a minor problem that was easy and cheap to fix.
A new season of a show I like started airing.
I was happy after my husband and I had sex.
I had a refreshing soothing shower after the gym.
I brushed my dog who has long hair.
I watched my favourite hockey team win their game on television.
It was very sunny when I got up this morning.
I ate my favorite meal for dinner.
I took a long walk through the park which energized me and cleared my mind.
The final four was on t.v.
I was was served breakfast in bed today.
I get a child free night tonight at a dinner party.
Noticing Girl Scouts selling cookies on my way home and buying some.
Gonzaga won its Final Four basketball game.
Spending the day with my sweetheart yesterday made my entire weekend better!
I had a chance to take a real nice nap in the afternoon, everybody went somewhere else but I stayed home.
My father started moving his fingers.
My brother saw that my yard needed to be mowed, and he came and mowed it all without me asking.
My best friend is coming into town this week and confirmed her plans with me yesterday, I am so excited to see her, it has almost been a year!
We just booked the 17th cabin on our upcoming group cruise.
I started my wedding planning!
My boyfriend got off early from work after I thought he would be there overnight.
I received a very special gift from my inlaws to celebrate 10 years of marriage that we celebrated this month.
I was able to afford a 4 pack of Blue Moon to watch with some cheesy Lifetime movies.
I played peek a boo with my baby niece.
I passed my math test which was the deciding factor if I passed the class or not.
Watching my favorite anime shows
I watched Family Guy while high.
When I watched more Big Bang Theory.
I watched my son attend a birthday party at a gymnastics studio and he was having so much fun running around and jumping.
Going to the movies with my dad.
My dog's vet said she no longer need meds
My daughter looking and me and smiling left me happy.
My kids hugging me and giving me kisses, telling me they love me.
I ate my favorite dinner, spaghetti
Last night I had a long talk with a colleague I have known for nearly 30 years, yet we came to know entirely new facets of one another.
I got to spend the day with my girlfriend and it was wonderful.
I woke up to discover that my daughter prepared breakfast for us, which we ate outside on our deck.
Watching a couple new movies that I had been wanting to see.
I got a good deal on three twelve pack of sodas.
I read a really good book.
My wife "surprise hugging" me made me happy.
I got to put off a work project until tomorrow.
I had a real fun night out last night with great friends.
My dad called me to tell me that he bought plane tickets to surprise the children for thei birthday this month.
Got to eat some Brightside Skittles.
I went to church.
I attended my church.
My husband told me we can take a trip to Europe in September.
Got news about back pay at work.
I found out that my friend in Texas got a new job and is making great money now.
I received a package in the mail that I have been waiting for awhile, I though it was lost in the mail.
We are Purchased a New car
Something that made me happy was I packed for the vacation to the Bahamas we're going on this week!
I was feeling sick and made some good soup that was good for coping with being sick.
My boyfriend and I watched both NCAA basketball games without really caring which teams won, and talked about all sorts of stuff.
I talked to my mother on Skype and made her laugh.
I watched a movie with my kids.
My daughter was able to scan her items at the store and pay for them herself.
I had a great phone call with my mom.
I got to spend time with my spouse away from tech and social media.
I had sex with my wife
On my fun night out last night, one of the things we did was stop by Dave & Busters for a little bit of foods and games.
My fiance texted me and asked if we wanted to go on a date night after he was off work.
I cleaned my dads house for him so it was nice and smelled good.
I went to my cousins baby shower and it made me feel happy that i got to spend time with family.
The wife and I took our 4 year old to Chili's for dinner.
When I awoke my dog was in bed with me.
I went to church.
Marriage of my Dearest friend
My daughter finally ate her lunch after weeks of not eating well.
Today I got to see two my friends who I hadn't seen for a few weeks.
Took the dogs for a walk.
My sister and I had a sleepover and talked about childhood memories.
Walked around our Downtown for 5 miles with 2 dear friends.
Today I had a safe trip home from visiting family.
I tried a new recipe with cauliflower and it was delicious!
I was very happy cuddling with my wife last night.
Went to San Francisco to explore the city
I ate at my mom's house for dinner, and it was healthy and delicious.
After 2 days of gruesome work finally done.
one of my neighbor was in mental hospital for the last two week and yesterday she came back in a normal state, it was a happy moment for all of us that she came back normally, seems an enjoyable moment.
I finally booked my family's stay at hotels for my graduation.
Going outside made me happy in the past 24 hours, because the weather is getting warmer with each day, and I start to feel really optimistic about April.
I spent time with my nieces.
I bought a dress that fit well for $3.
I got to see an intimate show by my favorite band.
Baseball season started this weekend and baseball is back on tv!
I sold an item on eBay yesterday that made me happy.
I made a good amount of progress in my html course.
I got to spend time with my family yesterday, we went to the zoo and went to dinner after wine tasting.
Completing my shift and driving home.
I faced an issue in my project which I resolved and it was successful.
Last night I went out to a club with friends and spend a great time and I was really happy.
My husband held me close and gave me a kiss while we were standing on the sidewalk and a woman was walking past.
I was romantically engaged with my boyfriend in a lonely place.
When my hit amount hit $91.00 mark today for this week I was extremely happy.
I went hiking with my friends.
The event basketball cavs vs golden .Cavs won with Lebron MVP of the mactch made me happy
After one month of rain less hot climate we got abundant rain here.
I was happy when me and my girlfriend stopped fighting.
I watched LDS General Conference today and it made me happy.
I was really happy yesterday because we had a family reunion.
I WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE SO I FEEL HAPPY.
While I am lying on the sofa, My mother tickle me I was laughing.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I finished my work as a busboy today and I don't have to come in the morning to finish up and clean the restaurant.
My brother came home from medical school for the weekend, and we were able to spend time together for the first time in 6 months.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I played video games with my friends for a few hours.
I prepared and ate a wonderful dinner.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE TOUR WITH MY WHOLE FAMILY AFTER A LONG TIME.I MET ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS AND THEY BLESSED ME.WE ENJOYED OUR TOUR WITH DANCE AND SONGS AND FELT VERY HAPPY.
My niece came in from out of town for one day to help celebrate a family member's birthday
My partner and I had some friends over to watch the season finale of The Walking Dead.
I was congratulated by my boss for my work.
I played tennis with my friends for the first time this year.
My wife and I had sex and it was really, really good.
i kissed my love to day
I received a phone call from a friend I had not heard from in quite some time.
My husband got a gift for me and that was a happy moment for me
The sun was outside and the earth is waking up from a long winter.
I made pasta for the first time
I was happy to watch The Walking Dead Finale!
I had dinner with a large group of friends at an outdoor restaurant.
In last 24 hrs I went with my cousin to see a drama n it was so comedy that we laughed so much .i was happy to see the drama for the first time .
I just watched the film called pursuit of happiness that movie really made me to happy and motivated me more.
I went to lunch with some friends today
My 6 year olds cheerleading team won their division in yesterdays competition.
I passed my laboratory practical test.
The Vice President of our company traveled down from Texas to shake my hand
Today in morning I go for a walk with my husband and slowly slowly we are walking with holding each other hands, it makes me feel happy, I am still feeling happiness of that moment.
I was able to stop and see my oldest son on his birthday and bring him a bundt cake for him to enjoy.
I was happy that my grilled pork came out good
I have delivered on the baby child .
In the past 24 hours, My girlfriend and I spent the day preparing Lasagna which is my favorite food.
My son was accepted into his school's math honor society.
I met my son and his girlfriend at a local park to take my dog Max for a walk.
My newly adopted cat and old cat FINALLY play and eating together.
my child calling me mumma for the first time made me a lot proud and happy that I could not overcome the feeling of joy after hearing that from him
Getting a big long happy hug from my two-year old grandson.
i am purchased my scooty bike.
This morning, I woke up, felt the most rested I have in about a week, had a nice, hot shower, and am having a very good cup of iced coffee.
I talked to my sister via video call.
The weekend made me happy because I had a long work week and was looking forward to relaxing on Sunday.
I felt happy in the arms of my boyfriend while we cuddled and he held me close.
My father expressed how I was the best thing to happen to him
Last night, my wife and I watched a Top 100 music videos of 2016 video on YouTube.
My son played pitcher for the 1st time in a baseball game and did great.
Playing a few round of plants vz zombies on my mobile device
I won a game of poker against some friends.
Went to Nephew's party, he just turned 5, Spending time with family was great.
I made some decent progress on my programming project
My sister joined us for lunch today.
My puppy was able to sleep in until 10 AM.
I listened to some media that affirmed my views on politics.
On my way to work i got hit on by a complete stranger, that havent happened in a while.
My mom called me to say that she loved me.
I visited my family an hour away.
I installed a traditional light switch to replace a malfunctioning switch.
Yesterday I went to the park and it was such a beautiful day that I was outside for hours.
I was able to hang out with my girlfriend and watch the NCAA basketball games.
I had sex with my partner.
Watching tennis on TV.
I was happy after I finished my workout because I felt accomplished.
This morning I was able to SCUBA dive with some good friends at a near by spring.
I had the first nice, long phone conversation with my high school best friend that I have had in a very long time.
An event that made me happy was going for an hour run in this nice weather today.
when friend called me and asked for dinner, i was so happy.
A lady asked me for a ride to a woman's meeting next week that I have been inviting to things for several weeks now to get to know her and connect her with other friends.
My daughter seems to have completely gotten over her cold.
I managed to make a few more business contacts/connections for some of my online businesses.
Cuddling with my cat.
I cuddled with my cats on the couch watching Law and Order: SVU.
My boss just informed me that we are having a delayed start at work tomorrow due to emergency training sessions.
I had a really good workout this morning.
A situation I have been worried about dissolved
I had a burger from McDonald's for lunch.
My wife bought one shirt for me and I was happy to get it.
Ate lunch with family.
Going to church made me feel happy today.
I bought a new laptop.
Watching ghost in the shell with my son.
Spending time with my brother.
I got a call from my agent , about my home baying approval.
last night I get mail from my  university,I selected for higher studies and I got merit Scholarship for abroad studies so am very happy for last night with my family members,i am very joy and celebrate party with my friends.
I ate a nice dinner with friends, without any issues.
I was able to make up with my girlfriend after a huge fight.
Finding replacement cups at goodwill today for my magic bullet.
I m very happy when my family use Vivel products on my suggestion.After a long discussion my family agree these products.
i go to temple and i say the poor man,help is very hungary and i help for him i am very happy
A very close friend gave me a piece of advice at a time that I needed to hear it most.
I reached an important milestone in the video game I was playing.
I purchased a strength band to do some workouts at home and found a really good one after weeks of searching.
I was happy when I bought a new video game.
I received compliments for the chicken dinner that I made tonight.
Rick and Morty season 3 episode 1 was posted as an April fools gag after waiting a long time for the next season to start.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
When I am getting to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say"have a nice day and take care".
That suddenly jumped my self certainly my wife came
I AM GOING TO RAJ HOTEL WITH MY COLLEGE FRIENDS THAT EVENT IS VERY HAPPY MOMENT
Listening to the band Belial.
I turned in a work project this afternoon and the person I contact for complimented it.
A close friend from Europe came to visit me for the first time in a few months.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
our whole family went to cinema theater  to enjoyed lot and watched cinema
I was cuddling my boyfriend on the couch while watching a movie.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
our whole family went to cinema theater  to enjoyed lot and watched cinema
I ate tacos with guacamole and chips with my co-workers for lunch.
I recently got accepted into graduate school, and it was a school that I was hoping to get into.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My team won the basketball game.
I ate fresh sushi for dinner.
I got to eat a burrito after having not eaten all day.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
yesterday 8 friends came for lunch to our home and we enjoyed a lot.
I got my homework done early so I can enjoy my last few hours before school start.
I learned how to use the pool vacuum.
My husband stayed home over the weekend and he spent some time with my children and i
I had a get together with my school friends and it made me happy
I arrived back at home after a weekend road trip.
I was able to complete a job for my direct boss that had previously taken me about 3 tries to complete.
When we watched our favourite movie together as a family.
I got paid for a free lance assignment that I finished a while ago today.
I watched a YouTube video about an abandoned dog that was rescued from the streets and taken care of, then placed in a new home with loving owners.
Finally, closed a deal to fix my seat covers.
A customer told me about his vacation.
I chatted with one of my best friends for an hour which doesn't happen often.
I won the best mother certificate in my child school
I cooked a pork roast in the crock pot and it turned out really well.
I was finally able to finish up the last stanza of a poem that I had been working on for a while and had been stuck on.
I was happy that my son went fishing with my husband instead of staying home and playing video games.
had coffee with my mother before work
My mother discharged from the hospital after long period
I saw my son and we had a nice conversation about his new job.
i've eaten a pizza last night
My cat children were showing me their affection.
i got a dimond ring as gift from my uncle
I was able to eat fast food for the first time this week.
Laughing at a hilarious thing our 4-year-old said at dinner.
I booked my flight ticket to go back to college.
MY WIFE IS PREGNANT
I talked to my father for the first time in weeks since he has been overseas.
I got to drink a beer from the brewery that was previously unavailable in my state.
My wife made me breakfast
After a very busy day at work yesterday, I was very happy to get home and put my feet up.
I won $50 on an instant lottery ticket.
Eating with my family before taking off back to college.
I watched the season finale of The Walking Dead and it was a good episode.
My cat came to me when I called it.
My cat slept through the night and let me sleep in this morning.
My friend told me that the guy I suggested she match on a dating app has been texting back and forth with her for over a week, and their conversations are really fulfilling and fun.
My husband won his bet on the Women's Final Four game.
A friend sent me a funny cartoon in an email.
i attended an enthusiastic and very joyful sports day in my daughter's school in which she won a prize.
I socialized with friends online.
I ate Zaxby's yesterday, and it was a good meal.
My husband kissed me and told me to stay in bed while he took care of our son this morning.
Last night I was able to sit and enjoy a cup of tea and a snack while curled up with a book without any interruptions.
My daughter in law moved in to the house and is helping out.
I had five guys burger and it was so good.
Watching a movie with my girlfriend was educational
I looked in my fridge and saw that I still had one slice of cake left.
The wife said she would give the kid a bath tonight instead of me.
I watched an online stream of a music concert.
I had my favorite breakfast cereal mixed with peanut butter.
My dog peed on me while he was on the deck and I was underneath him - my wife and I both laughed about this for a really long time
Laying in bed this morning just casually browsing the internet on my phone since it was Sunday and no work.
I made it to church on time this morning even though I was running 10 minutes behind when I left the house.
Today the guy that I am casually seeing called me on his way back home.
I made muffins with my son.
I got encouragement from my grandpa regarding my progress in college.
Family dinner on Sunday was delicious and a nice time as a family!
Cuddling with both of my dogs in my chair.
I hung up the painting my girlfriend made me.
My sister got me a second-hand drum set that was posted for free on a community listserv page.
My husband and I hung our DIY headboard.
me and my sister went to meet our parents
My family got to go out for pizza with our friends.
I saw the progress report of a coworker that I have been helping out and it looked fantastic, which made me very happy.
yesterday midnight My cousin sister gave birth to twin babies which was very surprising and is very happy to hear that we got twins in our family.
I found out Prison Break was coming back for a fifth season.
I streamed videos with my long distance best friend.
I received phone call from officials I was not expecting of, it made me happy because the call rewarded my expectations.
My mom sent me a card in the mail for Easter.
I went out to dinner
I had a long discussion with my friend and helped him through a troubling time.
I made a good amount of money on Mturk yesterday.
Listened to my fave music
Getting to snuggle and read books with my son.
I got a pizza, it has all my favorite toppings on it.
I made mango shake with a twist, and it came out delicious, and everybody liked it.
The lift in my residence apartment which was out of order for last 3 days got repaired today
My kindergartener read an entire book by herself at bedtime.
My mom grilled pork chops for dinner and they were perfectly seasoned.
I was happy when my children went to sleep so I could get on my computer and relax.
Today I purchased a new shirt today with my favorite color white.
I started doing exercise again, after a break of 2 months.
When I am come to my office I me my grandpa and grandma, They shared me about my uncle's  summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life
AM GOING TO MY GRANDMOTHER HOUSE WITH MY SISTERS AND VERY ENJOYING HAPPINESS THAT MOMENT
Remembering I had left-over tacos when I was looking for lunch yesterday.
I earned profit from my new business.
I finished my Italian homework
My husband and I cooked an apple crisp together, which was a lot of fun to do, and eat after.
THE BORD EXAM FOR THE SCHOOL FINAL ENDED DAY BEFORE LAST DAY  AND MY DAUGHTER WORKING IN AN IT COMPANY GAVE HER PRECIOUS TIMES  TO HELP ONE HANDICAPPED STUDENT BY WRITING HER ANSWER PAPER IN THE EXAM HALL WITH PRIOR PERMISSION AND HOPE GOD'S BLESSING WILL BE WITH MY DAUGHTER AND THIS MADE ME FEEL VERY VERY HAPPY.
I WENT TO HOUSE
I talked to my parents on the phone for about a half hour, and it was super nice talking with them and catching up.
My husband took me to the shopping mall and I was happy roaming in the mall.
I managed to get cheap housing for my internship this summer.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I weighted myself on the scale and saw a move in the right direction.
I found new music that I enjoy
I was happy when my partner gave me a lovely massage
When my son sang a song to make my uncle smile who was unwell.
When we returned from the beach,we went to a restaurant for having the dinner.
Prepared biryani for the first time
it made me happy to finish my goal of studying french this morning.
My dog cuddled with me all day
Playing with my child
I read a few stories to my children.
My mom brought home some cake from my favorite bakery.
I saw a beautiful eagle flying over my house last night.
Our family went to Buca Di Beppo for my father-in-law's birthday and the food was delicious.
My boyfriend and I made homemade pasta sauce together.
My wife surprised me last night and got us a bottle of wine to share.
yesterday my brazilian soccer team have winned a match
My cat sat on my lap for a little while and let me pet and hug him.
KFC for dinner, my favorite!
I was able to teach my coworkers a new skill at work.
Walking my dog around the block.
My latest package from Amazon arrived earlier than anticipated.
I PURCHASED A GIFT TO MY DAD ON HIS BIRTHDAY
My daughter and I went to the playground and played together.
I was very happy when I got up this morning and both my kids were still asleep so I could relax and drink some coffee!
My wife and I were reminiscing the days that we first started dating.
I was able to go out and enjoy a nice dinner with my partner in a new restaurant that we've been wanting to go.
I made eggs and toast and a smoothie for myself this morning, and it energized me.
I got to eat my favorite meal and desert.
I was happy after everyone in my home went to sleep, and I was able to finish some work.
I spent some time within the last 24 hours playing video games.
Yesterday, I got to go on a nice long bike ride as the weather was unusually mild.
I went shopping after work at Big Lots and got a lot of food that I couldn't normally afford at a deep discount due to their one day sale.
i went with my family to a wonderful movie after which we had a delicious dinner at a famous hotel yesterday.
I picked my uncle and aunt who came back from holidays.
One thing that made me happy in the last 24 hours was taking a nice hot shower.
I had my girlfriend's family over for dinner yesterday at our new apartment.
I stopped at the new Taco Bell this evening to try it out, hadn't been to a Taco Bell for a few years, and ordered the three taco combo and it was actually very tasty, very good.
I went to the movies with my friend today to see the movie Life.
I broke $500 in one day on Mechanical Turk yesterday - not a milestone for me, as my record was higher than that, but it was a very, very good day.
While getting my morning coffee at a local coffee shop, I had a nice conversation with a woman I met in line.
My granddaughter and grandson came over for dinner and spent the night with us.
My favorite baseball team won their second game of the 2017 season in a hard-fought effort and it was great because they lost the first game of the year!
I had my annual performance evaluation this morning, I did well, it was lovely to hear compliments and appreciation.
Finding out that some items I donated yesterday found their way to new homes made me feel happy because I felt like I was helping others and being efficient with my resources.
Opening day for baseball was today and I listened to the Reds game for awhile on the radio, that was enjoyable.
I ate some tv dinner food.
A customer called in and attached multiple optional services which carries extra commission.
Getting my checks for the month for my business.
I was very happy last night because I was able to have a long phone conversation with a friend that I had not heard from in a couple years.
I went to a party with a friend of mine and was able to talk to a lot of people I had not spoken to in months.
I had an excellent submarine sandwich for lunch.
My favorite MLB player had a good game last night and has hopefully broken the terrible curse that seemingly took possession of him last season when he couldn't hit the ball to save his life.
My 15 year anniversary is coming up, and I'm planning a trip.
I made a delicious corned beef brisket for dinner.
I did yoga this morning to try to make my back and neck more limber.
It made me happy when I saw a dog eating with his cute face
I rented a rug cleaner and cleaned all of our carpets, and they look really good now.
I had a good work day where I nearly met all of my goals.
Seeing my oldest daughter come back from school and smile at the sight of her baby brother.
Mcdonald's is thinking about bringing back the szechuan sauce they originally released in 1998, and I'm looking forward to sampling that.
My friend cooked me a frozen pizza, and it was delicious.
I received a package of books from Amazon that I have been anticipating.
I was walking with my friend smoking a cigarrette and checking the mail box.
Sleeping very well last night.
I watched Netflix, while eating my hummus.
My cat was planning on ambushing me from behind my computer tower and instead of grabbing me he managed to spill a bowl of food on himself.
I got new glasses recently and they make my face look half decent.
My son said "I love you mommy".
I made some money on mturk
I got a small bonus for some work I did.
I went to work and nothing went wrong
Watching my 4 year old son play soccer.
I bought some flowers for my yards.
I was able to spend some quality time with friends at the lake.
Despite only getting a little over four hour sleep, I still had a great workout today after I finished up my job.
I found out my niece is having a baby girl in December of this year!
Mom brought home food from outside surprising  everyone.
I was happy it rained on my veggie garden.
An event that made me happy today was watching someone play a video game.
I had a professional meeting with a colleague and we got a lot done.
I was happy when I found out I got a job interview for next week for a position I really want.
I spent time with my mother and we didn't end up fighting at all, which is much more normal for us.
I turned the page on the calendar, and I saw where my husband wrote I love you on our wedding anniversary date.
Going for a drive with my neighbor where we talked and laughed
It was my mom's birthday and I made her a cake that she really enjoyed.
My roommate cooked dinner.
The fact that I get to watch Gonzaga play in their first national championship game tonight on television.
I had dinner with a friend I hadn't seen in years.
Bought a new website.
I had a new, delicious ice cream flavor.
I went apartment shopping all weekend and was so hopeful to actually see some places in my price range and see the layouts were nice and in the same city I live in.
I took myself on a long hike.
I bought a new i7 processor online that I desperately needed and found on sale!
Last night after dinner when I made chocolate pudding with my daughter and we hand whipped cream to go on top.
When I went out to eat crab legs.
An event that made me happy was my apartment getting refurnished today
I went to the park with my sister.
I stayed home with my daughter who was sick and we spent quality time together.
Our grandma came to our house we are so happy to see her
I enjoyed a cigarette in the rain.
I watched an entertaining episode of the television series 'Homeland'.
Finally had the Cheddar Biscuit Shrimp box I have been craving for the past week for lunch.
My professor approved the revised proposal for my final project.
At the morning, when my boss talked that today his baby have born.
I won a league of legends computer game match.
I went to the movies with my girlfriend
Playing with my cat
I got ice cream with my family after work!
I got an email that I was going to receive a bonus at work for my success on my latest project.
I taught my daughter how to fly a kite yesterday and she was ecstatic.
i worked all day and i made a bunch of cash.
I made an A on a quiz today
I talked to my daughter on the phone.
I went out to Chick-fil-a for lunch.
I had a really nice hour long phone conversation with my mom this evening.
Having udon for dinner.
My happy moment was going to my mother in laws house this morning for a delicious homemade breakfast.
The day with my wife
I received my child's second term report card and discovered that she is as adept at reading as I thought.
I had a glass of iced coffee in the morning.
I received a friend request from a long-lost friend on facebook!
During my work in the office, my coworker who is more than 40 years older than me said, "Thank you for always being such a wonderful young man."
My dog throwing her pink alien toy around.
I presented an important project at work and it went well.
I got 18 out 20 on my Philosophy paper!
I had a delicious California burrito for lunch.
I won a match in a game I was playing.
My dad said I could pick out any shirt I wanted to wear for accepted student's day this Friday.
A long chat with my dad past night make me feel happy
Buying a gourmet dessert
I was able to fix a bug in one of my programs and that allowed me to finish other tasks.
I got my visiting visa approved
My friend got a new car and she let me ride with her in it, it is a very nice car.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO DINNER WITH MY FRIENDS
Yesterday i won marathon organised by my office, very happy.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I watched a new unexpected music video from a group I like.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I watched Wrestlemania 33 on Sunday.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I went to shopping mall.
I went to the soaking pool with a friend I haven't seen in a while.
I planned a trip with my friends.
My dog gave me kisses.
Today I got the job and right now when i search for the survey you guys are asking this question how co-coincidence it is..
I met a nice dog today.
I played guitar with a friend of mine for a couple hours.
Playing video games.
Last night father give me a surprise gift as CAR occasion of my birthday its a happiest event for me.
Baseball season has started!
family members are go to yercaud we are see the 12months once born the kurinji flower
I was happy yesterday when my parents called and talked to me for an hour, telling me many funny stories of their new retired life.
I won $500 bucks on a scratch off ticket that I purchased earlier today, I am still pretty much in shock that I won such a large amount.
My friends gave me a gift for my birthday, it really made me appreciated since i wasn't sure they cared enough
I was able to see my parents for the first time in a long time.
Starting a new show on my app that I found interesting.
I received a piece of mail that I had requested over a week ago.
My boss' boss brought in two types of snacks for our meeting.
My wife mentioned to me that she signed up for us to foster a rescue puppy that needs care.
I received an $18 gratuity from a table that was very difficult to serve
I went out with a couple friends and drank a ton; by the end of the night we were a lot closer as friends.
I ate Alfonso Mango of this season first time.
My girlfriend made it another into her pregnancy.
I was happy when I had a conversation with a friend that retired from work few weeks ago; it was nice to hear from him again.
I went to the club last night with my friends and had a great time there, so I was happy.
I made a really good dinner.
I talked to my parents, and they seemed to be doing well.
My husband put my brand new kitchen in
i have been promoted as senior finance manager
I had pizza for dinner and it was delicious.
Visited with my family, today.
Traveling to Alabama to visit a casino made me happy.
The game I've been waiting months for, Persona 5, came out and I went to get it from the store.
An event that made me happy was waking up yesterday morning to warm weather in Florida and being able to feel the warm temperatures before flying back home to Rochester NY.
I enjoyed walking the dog before dawn.
I made a chocolate cake for dessert for my husband.
When i opened my eyes my son was staring at me.
I received an unexpected gift from my brother
My 7 month old fell asleep on me.
My boss and I prepared for a meeting with an IRS auditor, and the IRS agent was very easy to talk to and seemed willing to agree to the work that we put together.
Tried a new cheese for a pizza that I made last night and I was really happy about the flavor and texture.
I watched an anime and it was really funny.
I was able to successfully clean a student's computer of some nasty bugs and viruses.
I completed every item on my to-do list for today.
I was booking a flight and just before I finalized the reservation I received an email from the airline about a special deal that ended up saving me over $200.
My cat came in the house and started rubbing his face up against mine and purring.
I spent time organizing my room.
I put in an application to adopt a dog from my local shelter.
The fact that I got to let my children see their grand parents for several hours today.
My mom was in a really good mood despite the stresses that happened.
My home-town baseball team won its home opener!
Sharing a good joke with my mother.
I took a walk in the park after work.
I went out for lunch and had a steak.
Yesterday morning when I went to church with my son, and then we went out shopping at a couple of places and I met one of his classmates from school.
I loved tasting my first sip of coffee this morning because it tasted so good and it made me feel warm and content.
Watched the end result of R/place.
My son had fun playing at the aquarium in San Diego and learning more about scientific/aquatic things.
I had lunch with my wife today.
I ate a great burrito for lunch.
I made plans to go to Disneyland this week.
I got $4 bonus from a Mturk requester.
Watching a documentary with my children.
I stopped by a pet store with my girlfriend, and we got to see/touch various pets/exotic animals.
3 HOURS BEFORE I WENT TO SHOPPING WITH MY SON BUYING LOT OF TOYS FOR HIM....THIS IS THE HAPPIEST MOMENT
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my father send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
YESTERDAY WE ARE GOING TO MY VILLAGE AND CELEBRATE THE FESTIVAL THAT'S MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
Yesterday on mturk is my best day i almost made $15.
I had a delicious coffee and an egg and cheese omelette.
I got a 38/40 on a test that I didn't try too hard on.
I had a really tasty dinner, with tender pork.
I finished studying for a biology exam.
I went to the gym and in the mirror reflection I think I looked good.
Yesterday I played outside with my girlfriend which was nice to get a little relaxation time.
One of my meetings was canceled.
I watched an episode of The Walking Dead.
My Moog Mother 32 arrived and it is pretty awesome.
I had an excellent workout at the gym, it was leg day and I love leg day!
when i bought my dad the new iphone.
Culver's has shrimp specials and it was delicious and cooked the way I like it.
I had steak for dinner, and steak is my favorite food.
I had fun playing the app game "akinator" with my roommate for about an hour.
I played video games with my nephew
I got a raise from my boss by 2%.
While I was attempting to follow along on a Tai Chi lesson on my computer, I noticed all of my pets were involved in some way too.
I had a good lunch that consisted of ham and cheese on a sandwich and some macaroni salad.
I was happy when I got an offer for a job I had applied to a month ago and that I thought would never respond back.
My roommate bought a new video game for us to play, and we all enjoyed that.
My daughter and I played with toys in the living room.
I ate some birthday cake.
I had a nice lunch.
When my both son's playing with me
the dodgers won on opening day by a lot.
I was happy that my cheeseburger tasted so good
My friends and I watched a basketball game and ie team won!
Finding out that I'm closer to being able to travel abroad.
Eating dinner and relaxing with my wife.
I bought a delicious lunch of shrimp pupusas after the lecture.
My friends gifted me my favorite bike on my birthday yesterday, so happy.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I watched my kids ride their bikes around the sidewalk.
Yesterday I met my company target as usual and that moment made me feel happy.
I WENT TO MUSIC CLASS
My cousin became father yesterday
My sister laughed and made a joke about two difficult people in our family.
I went to one famous place that is basara, that is the one of the most famous temple in telangana state,I went to that temple with my family and i felt very peaceful that makes me very happy,i enjoyed a lot.
I saw my dog play with another dog.
I ate a hearty dinner and was very satiated.
A day off from work
Got some work projects finished.
Seeing my grandson and having a big hug from him.
My Uncle who is 93 was released from the hospital after having chest pains and he apparently is still in very good health so we will see him for Easter holiday dinner.
i did sex with my lover today morning
I called one of my friends who lives in a different city and we talked on the phone, shared memories and news.
Finding a dime while taking a walk to the store.
I finally received a book off of my wish list, the sixth book of the Outlander series!
The weather was great yesterday, took the dog for a walk.
Today, I received my purchase order for my new mobile phone and I am happy.
I repaired my PC, which had started giving many problems.
I worked out at the gym for over an hour.
i have been promoted as senior finance manager
I made some progress in an app I'm building.
Had dinner with my family.
Rent a vacation home for Holy Week
Going to the gym and working out
I found some extra chocolate in the fridge.
Can definitely tell I'm losing weight when I look in the mirror.
Visited with my younger son.
I got to work out last night when I didnt think I would get to!
I got to watch what I wanted to watch all night since my husband was watching sports.
My husband brought me coffee this morning while I was in the shower.
Coming home after a half-day of work and having my wife have a delicious dinner ready.
I had a quiet hour to start reading a new book that I'd been looking forward to beginning.
Purchased some wireless headphones for my iPhone 7 Plus.
I went to my mother`s house.
I played a game with my friend at work.
My wife got a raise in her job.
I drank my favorite (frappe)
I fixed some issues that made using a website I like annoying.
I received positive feedback from my boss.
Gave my mother the jacket she had been wanting for years as a gift.
A new compromise was made with my husband about a problem we've been having.
The healthy salad I had for dinner was delicious.
My son took his nap like he was suppose to!
My boyfriend and I watched the season finale of The Walking Dead (tv show) together and it was not a tremendous cliffhanger, so I won the "bet" that it wouldn't be.
I found a $10 Starbucks gift card I had forgotten about in the bottom of my purse.
I got a lot of work done that I needed to complete today.
Waking up and seeing that it was raining outside since I love rain and it always makes me feel happy.
I had delicious protein pancakes and eggs for breakfast.
I got to see my friend's new puppy.
The fact that I know if I do not receive the promotion I applied for at work, I still have a very good job.
a friend came over and helped me fix something that has been giving me trouble.
I watched some fun videos.
I watched Twilight.
My daughter sent me an I love you text.
One of my trashy TV shows started last night so I was happy to look forward to at least 6 weeks of Sunday night TV for a while.
I was complimented on the sweater I wore to work today.
I did not have to work today.
Watching opening night for the seattle mariners.
A friend is going come back home soon for a visit.
I was able to get my house spotless today because my mother was in town to watch my boys, so I had lots of free time.
Hmm we are went to children park today we have many things to enjoy there all are enjoying with games
Me and my friends enjoyed a nice movie at theater.
I finished a goal I have been working towards for a very long time in The Elder Scrolls Online.
I was happy to get our baseball game over with and come back home.
I go to the ocean to calm down, to reconnect with the creator, to just be happy.
I received an A on my Chemistry exam.
I bought a new decant of cologne that I like
I found out today that we're moving offices, and the new office is even closer to my apartment than the current one is.
I went out for dinner with friends and had a good time
I filled out my vacation mail hold form on the USPS website today.
Got fertilizer, weed and feed, grass seed and straw down this evening prior to 3 days of rain this week.
I am watching the NCAA basketball championship which is one of my favorite events.
I got to sleep in this morning as I did not have anything to complete before work.
I was able to successfully complete my job and was even allowed to leave early after work as I was extremely productive.
I discovered a new and inspiring Youtube show about a family living a minimalist lifestyle aboard a boat so I watched ten straight episodes of it happily.
The day with my pet
A friend told me tonight that she is getting married and I was excited for her.
I practiced my guitar for a few hours.
I was happy that I was able to reach my goal of studying up to a specific section in my textbook.
I ran 5 miles.
My aunt coming to visit after such a long time not seeing her.
Watched a movie with all of my friends at a really nice movie theater.
I hung out and talked with co-workers.
I met a young lady at work who reminded me of my college sweetheart (the resemblance was uncanny).
I went grocery shopping after putting it off for almost a week, so now I have new food in the fridge
Seeing the video of the Hardy boys entrance at Wrestlemania.
I made my girlfriend and myself some fried eggs over toast this morning while rushing to school and work.
ALL FAMILY MEMBERS GOING TO PICNIC .WE ARE ALL ENJOYED.THAT IS ONE OF THE HAPPIEST MOVEMENT.
I played a new video game on my iPhone.
A small romance with my girlfriend makes me feel happy
Watching a great show
I watched a good, competitive match in the NCAA basketball finals with UNC and Gonzaga.
I finished my homework.
prepared food for the first time
Having a nice chat with my boss and feeling like they think I am a natural leader.
A coworker I really respect called me smart.
I made it to work on time.
Watching the season finale of the Walking dead.
I ate ice cream.
Fixed my significant other's cell phone.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I joined my son for swimming class and he is extremely happy about it, which makes me happy too
The third thing that made me happy is today is week off from my work and thinking of that moment feels happy.
I went for a movie with my friends.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I was happy when I skipped class today.
My best friend and me went for a movie yesterday and i enjoyed watching the movie.
I created an item (key chain) using a 3D printer and the software on my computer.
I completed a job application that I had been putting off.
I played with my daughter before her bedtime.
My parcel with purchased items arrived in my town today and I am happy I will be able to pick them later today.
My puppy passed her health checkup at the vet and gained two pounds.
I was qualified in the state level eligibility test for teachers qualification.
I took a work from home
My wife and I watched a Louis CK comedy show on Netflix, it was hilarious.
my husband sister 1st delivery got it 2 girl baby
I got a promotion at my workplace.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
My friend Edna called from Switzerland to tell me that she is expecting a boy and would like me to be the godmother when he is born.
Talked to my friend.
I finished my work early at work, and the boss was very happy with me.
I got food from my favorite japanese restaurant.
Celebrated send off for my team mate today by sharing gifts and we cut cake for her.
Getting happy birthday wishes on facebook
I listened to new music from a band my boyfriend show me and it was really good listening.
I ot my new t-shirts in the mail.
I had a fantastic dinner of spicy fried chicken.
I got a bavarian creme donut to eat.
Talking to my mom, as I do each Monday, and hearing her sound so positive and feeling good about life.
The book that I have been wanting to read for the best part of a year finally comes out today and I am so excited to read it
I got a raise at work based on my performance.
Today, I went out for lunch with my wife and I am happy.
I had chocolate milk and toast for breakfast while listening to my favorite song.
The sun is shinning and the birds are singing, I am so glad that spring is finally here.
I started a new book that I think I'm going to like.
I was very happy when my children were sleeping and my husband and I were able to discuss some important things we needed to discuss.
Learned that a job interview had gotten scheduled for a position I'm somewhat interested in.
I talked to a friend on the phone that I have not spoken to in months.
My wife is feeling good, we had a talk.
I got to work this morning on time and was able to grab my favourite parking spot near the elevator.
I felt happy this morning when I woke up and heard my son playing with his stuffed animals in his room.
I removed overgrown tree limbs from a large tree in my backyard, while my daughter and her friend played outside.
Watching all my friends smile and have a good time.
Watching an interesting documentary
I went into the kitchen to do the dishes and found they had already been washed and put away by another member of household.
I ate the first mango of this season from my tree yesterday.
Buy an exercise machine
Making some money made me extremely happy so that my family can have some more food.
I found out that I don't have to work on a hard project anymore at work.
I finally got paid for a big project I did recently!
My mother telling me how much she loves me and cares for me.
My spouse told me about how well his evening went at work and I was happy for him.
I was able to put my baby to sleep successfully.
I got a win on H1Z1
I had sex with my girl friend
I am happy that my family and I all woke up healthy and happy.
My husband did the dishes for me so I could go get a nice bath and relax for a bit.
I was able to enjoy the sunshine for about an hour.
While i'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me... i was laughing.
The day with my wife
Yesterday an old man was injured with an accident at that time i have called to an ambulance and went to hospital,finally i have saved that old man's life, i felt very happy.
Yesterday, i went to my college for getting my certificate i met all my teaching staff makes me happy.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
At the midday when I was watching a funny video about crazy girls on Facebook
Saw Beauty and the Beast with family members.
I got an early birthday present.
I heard that the job I have been working on for seven weeks straight is ending.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WAS GOING FOR TEMPLE IN CHENNAI.
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION HELD ON YESTERDAY MADE ME HAPPY.BECAUSE IT WAS MY FIRST BIRTHDAY WITH MY HUSBAND.I ENJOYED AT THE CORE.
We went forums in the morning its fabulous place we get everything there itself formalities to vegetables we eat ice cream to its too good
I was excited to start a new job
I had a hearty lunch with baby back ribs.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I was able to finish my property readings for the week in advance.
I went to dance class this morning.
Yesterday was my cousin's marriage.
Thanks to not having to answer many questions over the phone at work today, I was able to make significant progress on an important work project.
My husband got a promotion today for his sincerity.
In the past 24 hrs I went for snacks with my friend on a two wheelers .it was fun to go for a ride on a bike .we had a good time eating n gossiping .
Yesterday i went to the church and i was very happy because before going there i was in a sad mood and after returning from the church i was in a happy mood because i have asked for sorry from god and forgive all my signs.
I had lunch with a coworker.
the day i got engaged with my better half.
I made a cool song on my computer
talking with friends
I woke up on time to make it to work early, now I can leave work early.
I went to a karaoke last night
I cooked dinner with my wife.
I got to spend the evening with my lovely girlfriend
I watched The Office with some close friends.
Watched a new comedy special on Netflix for a favorite comedian of mine.
Today, I got a new television at my home.
This afternoon my fiance gave me chocolate because I was having a bad day.
My Cricket Team Win the Tournament final.
I made over $21 dollars today on Mturk!
I was able to walk 1.37 miles with little to no fatigue.
My boss gave me 1 free week of vacations, might as well go for a trip.
I spent some time alone with my partner.
My sister-in law came to my place after very long time.
Enjoyed watching basketball and eating pizza with my husband last night.
I ate a tasty dinner.
My partner came home with a surprise take out container of sushi.
I talked about gardening and ordering seeds with my elderly mother.
My dog graduated from training
When I returned home from work, my two dogs greeted me at the front door of the house with their excited fuzzy faces and wagging tails.
I got a chance to go to the gym twice due to my work load being less than usual.
I ordered a couple of things that I wanted off Amazon.
I was happy when my husband and I made plans to go to upstate NY at the end of the month.
I have found a pack of my favorite crackers this morning.
We got pizza from my favorite pizza shop for dinner last night, and I did not have to cook dinner!
At work yesterday, our meeting had a free catered lunch from Panera, which was delicious, and free!
I was playing a game with some friends and we beat this really complex and hard part of the game.
My son made me feel happy when he told me he loved me.
Got a really great, super sweaty workout done.
My son hit a single, double, and triple in his baseball game last night!
I waited on a very sweet elderly couple at work and received a nice tip.
My child finally gotten over her cold.
My husband had a good first day at his new job.
I started training a disabled climber for an adaptive climbing competition
My wife helped out with the kids yesterday and allowed me to get ready for an appointment.
I went to Dick's Sporting Goods and got a bike.
When I got home from work I saw that my husband had folded and put away all of our clean laundry.
I received a bonus at work
Having a delicious breakfast I made: egg white omelette with peppers, tomatoes and cheese
I helped my daughter get her suitcase ready to travel for her last orchestra competition.
Got holiday from job and spend quality of time with family
I took my dog out for a walk.
I talked to my son.
I got a text message from a friend.
There was some fried chicken in the fridge when I got home, and it made for a delicious lunch.
My best friend surprised me by bringing me food for lunch.
I went for a run.
My wife bought me a pair of shorts that I've been wanting to get.
I was happy when i played with the cats
Taking my dogs on a walk and letting the play in the creek.
i had given food for a beggar in a street.
Another thing that made me happy was getting a free cinnamon crunch bagel from Panera's today.
YESTERDAY, WE ARE TRAVELING IN TRAIN THAT'S MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
When I got home from running some errands today I saw my daughter diligently studying for the ACT test she is taking this weekend.
I went with a friend to lease a new car, and it was pretty fun helping him pick one out.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I watched one of my favorite shows.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
I enjoyed sitting in the house watching all the birds at our bird feeders while we had heavy april showers
In the afternoon when I was talking about a new course about costumer experience  that I going to take on friday
I talked to my parents on the phone.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was getting my paycheck.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
THE GIFT PRESENTED BY MY HUSBAND MADE ME VERY HAPPY.NO MATTER HOW DOES THE GIFT WORTH,ITS ALL BECAUSE THE GIFT IS FULL OF HIS LOVE.
Going to the gym and working out
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I talked to friendly people
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My favorite Youtuber uploaded a video after not uploading a video in over 2 months.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE FESTIVAL IN MY HOME TOWN.THERE I SAW MY CHILDHOOD FRIENDS AND PLAYING WITH THEM.I ENJOYED LOT.SO MY DAY FILLED WITH FULL OF HAPPINESS
Made weekend plans for myself with family.
When I met my colleagues after a long business trip and we gossiped and laughed.
Ate home made pizza.
Getting confirmation from my accountant regarding the company registration
I took advantage of a "Taco Tuesday" promotion at a local Mexican restaurant that I frequent.
I finished a research and data project that took months to complete.
me and my friends going to pub .we are full enjoyed.
I get to stay in a hotel room by myself, not with my kids.
I have money left over on my student meal plan that I need to use up, so I bought a bunch of snack from the vending machine
My dog licked my face.
i gave to one small gift to my father.
Today Hindu festival sriramanavmi i celebrate it.
I got to see a movie that I've been wanting to watch but never got around to watching it.
Yestrday,  I met with a TV celebrity at a mall nearby my office.
MY SON SCRED IsT MARK IN HIS SCHOOL
I talked with parents
I watched a comedy special on Netflix.
I had a nice date with my friend who came from africa.
I got in some good quality gaming time with my friends and had some great laughs while doing it.
I got a compliment at work for one of the projects I was working on.
Saw my aunt today after a very long time
I'm going to get a new car.
The feeling there's some real warmth in the sun at last as it streams in through the window, first thing in the morning
I remembered to eat three times yesterday, which is a small victory.
I did a great job at work and received praised for it.
I got to the gym early and was able to get a pretty decent workout
My husband made dinner.
It made me happy to enjoy a hot shower yesterday.
I took a quiz for my class and got a better than expected grade.
Yesterday I got a bottle of red wine and drank it with my roommate.
I went to dinner with friends.
I went for a walk this morning with the dog I am watching for a few days.
My son wrote me a sweet feel better note.
Taking my dad out of nursing home for a ice cream and car ride.
I finally got to see a girl that I like after not being able to for several weeks.
I had a great morning full with energy.
My kids cleaned up the living room while I was in a meeting.
I re-watched my favorite episode of a tv show that I love.
Purchasing a new video game and playing it in the afternoon.
Ate a spicy dinner
When I got home, my dog was chirping at the door for me to come in--this way, I know she missed me during the day and is excited that her daddy is finally home!
Having our pups snuggle into me while we were all sleeping.
i went to see my lover to day
I ate chik-fil-a
My daughter made me happy when she gave me a hug.
I went for a run this morning in my home state of Maryland.
My best friend texted me in the afternoon to tell me about his promotion at work.
I bought some sour patch kids on the way home from work and ate a few.
I'm happy that we are going boating this weekend.
I got a discount on my oil change for being a reliable customer.
I got to have my kids for the night after I got out of class.
I went out to dinner with my nephew.
hanging out with my friend made me happy
While checking out at the grocery store the cashier notified me of a coupon on one of the items I checked out which I had no clue about.
My daughter helped me cook dinner.
I decided on a new career
I got to spend some much needed quality time with my husband.
I took my son grocery shopping and he helped me to pick out our dinners for the week.
Got to cuddle and clip my cat's nails.
I finished some homework that was due later
Going for a walk with my wife
The day with my pet
I walked my dog and ran in to an old friend.
Within the last 24 hours I spent time shopping for myself and decided to pick somethings up for some other members of my family
At work today, the workflow was a bit slow, which allowed several coworkers and myself to listen to music while we worked.
Drove for over 10 miles for fun.
Yesterday, me and my dad went shopping and purchased more dress for me.
I played the next title in a series of video games that I like.
I bought a mortar and pestle.
I tried my favourite dish, it made me happy.
I cleaned out my cats litterbox and my cat was very happy which made me very happy.
I gave a hero bicycle learn to my sister son.He saw the cycle his happy is endless.I feel very proudly saw his happy.He learn the cycle in 30 minutes.then we back our home and ate some foods then he went his bed,he cant forget the surprise.I feel very comfortable the situation.
Saved my sister some moving expenses.
I woke up and made a breakfast consisting of mac and cheese and salsa for myself.
I had an ice-cream sandwich for dessert.
My son did a good practice (performed 214 sums in 10 mins) for upcoming competition.
The crew saved me a meal from dinner, as I was sleeping.
I watched a finale of my favorite reality show
I read some good comic books.
I took a hot shower and washed my hair.
Buying a brush cutter for my father as a birthday gift
I received an unexpected gift.
I went to a basketball game with my family.
When my husband came home from work and gave me a kiss, it made me happy.
I finished a very tough game which i was trying to finish for that last one month and that made me feel happy.
I started to study nan geetha.
WE BOUGHT A NEW BIKE FOR MY HOME
I went to shop for my next house.
I got to drink one of my favorite juices while doing homework.
I saw the rainbow in that morning
I watched a movie that I had been waiting for.
I received a recognition at work for a job well done.
when i got a gift
I watched one of my favorite shows after a hiatus.
Another thing that made me happy was going for a bike ride.
I ate an ice cream sundae for desert last evening.
I left work a half hour early.
My apartment mates were not in the kitchen when i went to cook so i was able to use the kitchen as i needed it.
I tried a new pasta recipe for dinner, and it was great!
Getting a full time position to work from home for my company made me happy and proud.
A friend of mine stopped to see me and have coffee and stayed for 3 hours.
My dog sat next to me on the couch, put his head in my lap and snuggled with me which made me very happy.
I watched Rick & Morty episodes on the couch while my cat slept on my lap.
My mother-in-law had made some oatmeal raisin cookies and gave me a bag of them when I dropped off my daughter.
My coworker brought a jumprope to work and I jumped rope in the hallway.
I enjoyed eating some cookie dough.
I had a really delicious Vietnamese and Chinese dinner.
I along with my friends and family went out for dinner to our favourite restaurant.
I saw my first robin on a walk today, which put a spring in my step knowing winter is really gone.
My kid and her dad playing with a miniature house together made me happy.
I made it into work before the rain came, about 5 minutes later it came down pouring.
I had a great run this morning and I could really tell how much I've improved since I started.
I got a package in the mail that I had been waiting for.
I was able to get a $250 bonus at work yesterday.
I'm happy that my son did well in his gymnastics class.
I ate my favorite kind of food (Chinese food).
I reached my exercise goal for the day.
Eating some cookies and cream ice cream in the evening while watching Twitch.
This morning I was invited to go to lunch later today with a small group of coworkers that I like a lot.
I went to my child's parent-teacher conference where the teacher praised my child.
When I got to work my boss brought me dairy queen since I helped her study for a job test
I watched Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt this morning while I drank my coffee.
i went to meet my lover
I will get to see my sister tonight and a hang out with her.
Going to buy cloth and perfume's
I had the opportunity to take a nap during the day, which was seriously needed.
I walked 2 miles on the treadmill.
I got to sit down and have a date night with girlfriend where we watched a movie and drank a little.
My boss, yesterday, said she could arrange my schedule so that I can come in at a later time on Thursday by switching with someone who comes in later that day.
My nephew texted me to say thank you for his birthday package and well wishes we sent him.
I enjoyed some Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
My wife made one of my favorite meals last night, chicken curry.
I watched a basketball game.
Received over 3 inches of much needed rain.
Watching a funny video a friend sent me.
Some of my cousins from my mother's side of the family came over and played a board game with my family!
My son made a good decisions today at school and didn't join his friends in misbehaving.
my brothers birthday celebration on my home so i enjoyed more
I achieved my income goal for the day.
Last night my son had trouble sleeping, but tonight he went to sleep right away!
I got to relax and watch a baseball game by myself.
Getting some flower seeds in the mail that I had been waiting for.
I was able to find my favorite brand of nuts at Trader Joe's
During dinner with my boyfriend we talked about our ideal wedding and he discussed it as if it were obvious he would be marrying me some day.
Seeing the sun shine for a bit today.
I made a breakthrough at work regarding a project I'm working on.
I fixed the faucet so the water runs more smoothly.
I played video games with my friends online.
I finished up another exam.
I went to lunch with my friend and had a nice steak sandwich which was tasty.
I finally got a breakthrough in the novel that I am writing, meaning I know what direction it should take.
Today, at work, I received a $100 bonus!
I got a new guitar amplifier.
I bought a new fish tank and rocks and stuff for my fish tank!
I had a great Bible Study to start my day
I went clothes shopping with my girlfriend and found something I liked.
I got a phone call from my sister
I received an item for free and was able to sell it quickly and easily on the internet.
WENT FOR TRIP TO FOREST
I helped my younger sister decide which English courses to sign up for.
My childhood friend called me.
I rode with a cycling team that I admire and was able to keep up with them.
I went to gym at morning it made me fresh, confidant and happy.
I got my brother to his lab appointment on time this afternoon.
The day with my wife
I got to watch survivor after my kids went to sleep
I watched a really good TV show.
Receiving positive feedback to a blog post I wrote
I completed a fun mturk HIT worth $4!
I made higher than expected earnings at my part time job this past week and I found out today.
When I got home from my two week long trip to visit my long-distance girlfriend, she had already mailed me a letter that said she missed me and everything like that.
My husband got a promotion and people are ringing up to wish us; we are getting in touch with people we haven't spoken to recently and it makes me happy.
And old manager congratulated me on my promotion and told me he thought I deserved it.
My wife gave me a lingering kiss as she left for a work trip.
I was happy when my friend invited me out to dinner because I hadn't had the chance to see him in a while.
I received praise from my supervisor for acting to minimize a major file sharing server outage.
My cousins came to my house and my sons were very happy with them.
i am live in other state, suddenly my mother was coming and give surprise.we will meet after two years.i am very happy.
i delivered a big order to a woman at her home today and she was so appreciative that i got it there so fast!
I donated a bunch of towels, blankets, and cleaning supplies to the local pet shelter and got to play with puppies for an hour as thanks!
The gardeners came and mowed the lawn.
I ate a brownie.
Got to watch a live acted "You've Got to Have Heart" from "Damn Yankees."
i went to a movie yesterday and i felt very happy to see that because the movie which i saw that was amazing concept and i felt very happy to see that.
I got off work early.
My favorite basketball team had a semi-critical game, and came out with a big win in exciting and entertaining fashion.
Went to shopping with friends it was very happy moment
I went to Hospital
My son said the word banana for the first time.
It made me happy to have dinner and a movie with my 6 year old daughter.
Today I watched my favorite TV show called Designated Survivor and it was really fun to watch.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
completed a major project
I took my pitbull, Dexter, on a walk at a local state park.
The coin on a cryptocurrency exchange that I was hoping would drop in price so I could buy it, droppedd a lot in price and I was able to buy a lot of it for cheap.
My dad was told he is cancer free.
I was driving to work this morning and was running late but miraculously I made all the traffic lights and arrived on time!
I got to talk to an old friend.
Our family went to lord temple.its very spiritual place
Today I got promoted.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I was able to talk with a friend who was released from the hospital after receiving treatment for a massive cell growth on his brain.
I was happy when I prepared a new recipe that turned out to be a big hit with the family.
My boyfriend and I went to the grocery store yesterday evening and stocked up on groceries, finally got several non- dairy high protein dairy alternatives that I recently found out I needed to start having instead of the dairy, and cheap, natural, basic, non-chemical ingredients to use for cleaning, hygiene, and skin and hair care.
One event that made me happy was when my cousin called to tell that she was going to give me and her niece's mother a joint birthday party next month since our birthdays are only a day apart.
One of my favorite TV series started its second season!
It was my son convocation
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I passed my presentation in class with flying colours, and was well praised by my instructor.
I cooked dinner last night and it tasted really awesome!
My friend sent some pictures of his hike on the Appalachian Trail.
I watched a new episode of the "Scify" show "The Expanse" last night.
I ordered six new chicks for my flock.
I sat down after a long day yesterday to watch a YouTube video about collecting memorabilia.
Getting coffee and breakfast for my fiancee to start our anniversary off right.
My daughter telling me I am a great mom after my ex's girlfriend decided to verbally attack me.
I completed a large audit perfectly at work when I don't usually do that work.
My uncle came to my home today and he tell some jokes.
I went for a long walk with my dogs.
I was happy that I was able to empathize with my spouse even though our marriage is at the end of the road.
I watched several episodes of Justified with my husband.
I made a cup of coffee that was perfectly sweetened to my taste.
I was really happy at work when I had completed all of the tasks assigned in a timely manner with extra time to spare for myself.
I watched my daughter at dance class.
I had dinner with my best friend.
I enjoyed playing a game with my best friend.
My daughter told me she loved me and she was glad that I was her dad and not someone else as I was trying to help her feel better since she was sick.
Watching Moana with my kids.
My wife and I went for long a walk in the park behind our house.
Actually yesterday evening i was playing hide and seek with my sisters cute little girl, which made me feel really very happy.
My friend and I went outing today in a tourist place.
today attended a religious offering conducted by a temple  with my family and it was so peaceful and gave me immense pleasure and happy
I went to dinner with my daughter and that made me happy.
Took my wife shopping
I met a friend and we had dinner together.
My baby nephew came over to see me for the first time in a while, and as soon as he saw me, he yelled my name and ran across the room to give me a big hug and kiss.
My husband told me the spaghetti i made was the best he had ever had.
When I was able to make some progress on a project I've been working on all week.
My 2 year old daughter really started having back and forth conversations with me which makes me happy to start to understand her needs and wants better.
My kids spent the morning making a "ride" out of blankets and pillows and I pulled them around the house on it while we all laughed.
Playing a new game I've received
I witnessed my 1-year-old daughter put on her own coat.
I didn't have to go to work due to weather.
I went to get dessert today, there was a place that sells flan and other sweets, I had too much but I was very satisfied.
We qualified for a house loan and were able to get the house we loved.
I noticed a couple of girls checking me out at the gym a couple hours ago :)
talking to friends
I went to the grocery store and I only had to get deodorant and an older women who had a cart full of items let me go in front of her.
I got to see my parents for the first time in two weeks.
I had a nice midnight bike ride with the whole road to myself.
Having a co worker tell a funny story about someone walking in on her the bathroom.
It was a banana slug.
My brother let me borrow $20
I watched a movie with my kids.
I picked my mom up from the airport after her safe journey to and from The Masters Golf Tournament.
I just found a movie that I enjoy on our cable company's on demand service.
My sons came after a picnic with their friends and they were very happy and they expressed their love and gratitude to me for giving them personal freedom.
I watched a funny episode of Tosh.o and it entertained me.
I found a parking space at the mall next to the doors.
I was so happy today because my coworker paid for my chair massage.
The food I had for lunch was delicious and made me happy.
I went out to eat with my wife.
Eggs were on sale last night at the grocery store.
I talked to my son.
Training my puppy this evening.
TASTED SOME NEW FOODS
I watched a new episode of Criminal Minds recently that I had been interested in viewing.
I only worked a half day today so I had time to relax at home.
I was able to purchase the building permit so we can get new siding on our house.
I got logged into my computer in less than 10 minutes after it had done a backup and update.
I won a match on a video game that I didn't think I had a chance to win.
I got a free ticket to museum... gonna learn a lot.
GOING TO TOUR
I found out I had earned enough points on a credit card to qualify for a fifty dollar gift card of my choice.
Talking to a client and connecting with them, seeing each other eye to eye and agreeing with our views made me happy.
I finally got my phone to take pictures correctly.
Having dinner with a friend.
MY HUSBAND PROMISED ME TO BUY A TOUCH PEN FOR MY NEW MOBILE.THAT MAKES ME HAPPY.
I had a coffee at the local Starbucks and it was excellent.
i got support and permit from my moms for my decision
I made significant progress in completing a work project.
Saw a movie with my mom at the theater
My boyfriend and I were able to use our fire pit for the first time this season.
My son got admission into his desired stream in Grade 11, that's a big load off my chest and a really happy news!
Our youngest son made the Principal's Honor Roll.
I received a job offer last night around this time, which is a weird time to get a job offer, but the timing couldn't be perfect.
I learned how to write some new code for my job.
i got to eat a nice plate of food that was really delicious.
Sandra finally got voted off of Survivor!
My student transitioning well from gym wben its usually a hard time.
I was happy to host my students' cheerleading recital today and the girls did great.
I given one gift for my son.
Early morning i worshiped lord sun and did Surya namaskar, i felt great while i performing Surya namaskar.
Report cards came out at all my kids are doing great.
went to restaurant with my family and friends it was very fun and happy moment
I was able to complete a long project at work.
I took my daughter to the animal shelter to pick out a new cat.
I fed stray dogs outside the theatre
my sister my home
Me and my husband had a great love
I went to the store and bought a new planter for the deck.
I watching a movie show theatre in yesterday
My wife played with my hair and face.
That I made it to work safely yesterday, as the weather was bad.
I bought some candy to eat.
afternoon i prepared lunched and served my friends
afternoon i prepared lunched and served my friends
Found out my granddaughter won #1 in the high school music contest and is entering state contest.
I had a very interesting conversation with a friend.
Two of my really good friends became engaged!
My two year old daughter told me she loves me
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I went on a long walk and let some of my problems fall away.
watching my tv
After the workout yesterday, I went out with some friends for dinner and had a great time.
I made homemade chicken stock to make soup this week.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
i kissed my lover today
I was happy recently within the last 24 hours when I did well on an important quiz in one of my classes.
I am happy that I have lost over 21 pounds so far
I completed a project analysis at work at found out in a meeting that I did a complete thorough good job.
I completed a part of an assignment at work ahead of schedule.
Took my daughter to the play park which is a happy time, right up until home time!
Watch a video of stan up comedy
Our neighbor is having a baby today.
Saw a movie which was too good and it made me happy
My friend gave me some of her lunch because i was still hungry.
I had some french silk pie last night that was delicious.
I made dinner for my spouse and I and we really enjoyed it.
We went to beach and play some games.
I went for a walk with my son.
I was happy when I finished taking a test for a job because I think I did well.
I talked with my fiancee on the phone.
I played a computer game and a rare pet dropped for me.
I found out that my kids got high scores on their standardized tests.
When I went to get coffee this morning the car in front of me had paid for mine
Giving a homeless man money and also a bite to eat.
I went to see the parade for the local high school basketball team champions in our town.
My granddaughter said my name for the first time.
We had pizza for dinner
I spoke to someone about having an engagement ring made
I watched an episode of the TV show KonoSuba.
I had a nice dream and slept very well last night
I talked to my mom.
It was my mother's birthday and she thanked me for the present she received
Me playing video games with my friends.
I finished a project I was knitting and it turned out very well.
Finished takeout leftovers for dinner
I got to play video games with my friends all night.
I got a small bonus for some work I did.
I finally finished the long-term task for my job.
Yesterday we had take out for dinner, so I did not have to do any dishes!
I had a really delicious dinner last night.
I was able to purchase something I've been looking for for quite a while.
I had breakfast with my mom.
Spending the evening with a great bunch of friends and planning for an upcoming wedding.
Finding out the insurance has approved our claim to get our roof fixed from hail damage.
I received a $5 bonus for a mturk this morning!
Going into a meeting and having the support of my supervisor.
I walked my dog in the morning and she was very friendly with another dog.
One of my cats meowed at me before I left my house today as if to say, "I'll miss you while you're gone."
Finding great sales with coupons at the grocery store.
I went to EMDR therapy and gained profound insight into some of the things that I had been struggling with.
Had a two hour workout.
I had the day off from work.
I remembered a good book to find.
I got to catch up on most of my work that i'd been delaying the last week.
I realized I had an extra piece of candy when I thought none was left.
Looking through some photos from two years ago when my son was just over a year old and still very baby-like.
Lately, I worry that she hasn't been eating enough, however this morning my dog ate quite a bit more than she normally does.
Read a really fun story.
I cooked a pot roast for dinner and it came out really well.
I worked on some paperwork that I was behind on...it felt good to get caught up.
My wife got 2 days of paid vacation this week.
I lay in the sun on the university lawn and read a book.
I finally finished some paperwork I've been working on.
I brought up a great idea for a particular item to sell at the stores to my boss who sent it up the chain to be ordered for hundreds of stores.
At lunch I was able to go to the gym and was able to up the weights on all my lifts.
The day with my pet
I ran into my friend Paul biking home and we stopped and chatted.
Drank a cup of good coffee in the morning
I drank with some friends.
I received a game in the mail that I eagerly anticipating for a long time.
I cuddled with my cat and petted her while she purred.
I spent time with my children.
got to see a movie with my girlfriend
I normally catch a red light at the main traffic signal going home, but miraculously I managed to catch it while it was green today.
I got to eat a birthday cake pop from Starbucks which was really tasty.
Finally eating a good dinner after a day at work.
My friend and I discussed an upcoming hike we're going on together.
I tried putting a shirt on that was previously a bit too snug for comfort and it now fits perfectly.
when my sister buying a new home
I recently bought a subscription to Gamefly and rented 2 games.
I found an hour of my day to relax and listen to a podcast
my daughter got a first rank in their school and the school premises are given a first prize to her.at that moment i was very happy to me.
I enjoyed coming home to my family.
My girlfriend came over and we spent a couple of hours watching TV and eating popcorn
We went to a temple nearby my house and had a good time with my family.
I got about an hour to myself today to read.
Coworker made me a slice of cheesecake.
I watched Doctor Strange.
I bought beer.
Getting to wake up beside my boyfriend every morning.
My team won the match in IPL
Yesterday I was going to my friend marriage function
I enjoyed relaxing and watching Netflix at home with my girlfriend.
I took my kids and wife to a local carnival ride, and we had great time.
last day doctors successfully completed my grand mother heart operation that day my total family members and relations say thanks to doctors and god,now she was good health
One of my co-workers applied for to many extra work hours and couldn't do it, I offered to take them since I badly needed the money; I'm now a few extra bucks towards my finical goal.
I completed a lot of my tasks for work.
A little child  ( a relative of mine) came home and spent some time in my place.
I watched an episode of a TV show I like.
I was able to do some work.
I bought a new pair of shoes on the internet which were on sale and had a great price.
My husband cleaned the house.
I got the tax return letter from the tax office.
i did sex with my co worker to day
having a great workout
I spent time with my children playing imaginary games and laughing.
When I went outside to go for a walk it smelled like spring flowers in the air.
I completed several higher paying HITs in MTURK yesterday which put me well over my personal earnings goal for the day.
Bought a new saree which made me so happy
I loved eating chocolate ice cream.
I made a very tasty breakfast, which was great since I usually don't eat breakfast.
I went for a run after it rained and the air was cool and crisp and felt good on my skin.
My daughter wrote exam well and which made me happy
My youngest child made it to the potty without soiling her underwear
Chatting with my best friend who recently moved out of country.
I was happy when I finished work early.
I was not part of the group that went offsite at work, thus I did not get stuck in the rain all day.
I made my goal for MTurk yesterday.
having dinner with my wife last night, after work
The weather was perfect yesterday; sunny, warm, and breezy.
I improved an excel sheet to be more automated.
My spouse and I relaxed on the couch with our cats for a couple hours.
My Ad Film got nominated for one MNC product, inclusive of my team celebrated grand party, I never forget those moments.
I got a 1 TB hard disk full of movies from my friend for one week.
I played outside with my dogs for a while last night.
I got breakfast in bed.
I picked up my cat and hugged him tightly
One of my projects at work took significantly less time than expected.
ate a delicious chocolate
We got an extra paycheck that was not expected this month.
Me and my husband went to the stores to shop some clothes
I finished all my homework for the week.
I found a job posting that looks interesting and promising.
My son and I went out to dinner
I talked with some friends.
I was called in my boss' office and got a raise, made me very happy.
I got all my work done before lunch and had the afternoon to relax.
My daughters had good doctors appointment today.
I landed a book editing job for an annual project that I love.
All of my work on Mturk was approved and paid by the time I signed on this morning.
I made my family their favorite dinner last night and they were all happy and thanked me and that made me feel happy as well.
I got the chance to try a new brand of coffee and it turned out to taste better than what I usually buy; this will be my new go-to coffee now.
I helped my daughter with her homework last night.
I am happy because I found out that a friend of mine got a promotion and we are going to be doing some celebrating later on today.
My friends and I finally beat a level on a video game  that we have been stuck on for a while.
Making plans for Christmas 2017 with all of my kids to come home.
It was a nice day out yesterday after months of crummy winter weather, so we took a walk to the grocery store with the dogs.
I made an excellent dinner of apple onion pork!
The Masters golf tournament has started, one of the best sporting events of the whole year.
The suit I bought my wife yesterday worked, she got a job offer.
My dog ran away a few days ago, but I got a call today that he was safe and sound in a local shelter.
I bought a new cooking tool to grill chicken in the kitchen
Tonight we watched Rogue One as a family, and glancing over at my four children it made me so happy that we were together spending the evening as a family.
Completion of one section of the web development a week early.
Helping someone out with lifting and moving something.
The day with my wife
I had one of the best days at work today because next week is spring break, and today was my Friday.
It made me really happy to finally get off work after 12 hours.
I completed a difficult section of a video game after many tries which made me very excited.
I was happy at dinner time because I made breakfast for dinner.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
When I received the package I was waiting for.
My daughter slept for
I was selected as the captain for get active program launched in our office for our team
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Today i made good craft for my children.
I had a pleasant 20 minute conversation with my manager before leaving work about random topics like bring your kid to work day, my sister, her siblings, and so on.
Yesterday I got to meet my uncle who I hadn't seen in two years
I found an old song from my high school days that I had been looking for for a long time.
I went for a drive with my boyfriend along the California coast to take photos.
i went to meet my old school to day morning
I got a mturk bonus in my email.
A colleague brought in chocolate cupcakes to work and it was an unexpected surprise.
A girl I've known for many years let me know that she was interested in having sex.
I was made happy when my spouse brought me a large bag of mint M&Ms.
Today my  friend came to visit me and took me out to McDonalds, and he even paid for my meal.
WE BOUGHT A NEW HOUSE FOR MY FAMILY.
Video chatting with a friend and setting up a plan to see her.
If meeting a friend after 20 long years, is a moment that would make anyone happy, I had this rare and nostalgic experience yesterday at a local mall, as I was queuing up to settle my purchase bill.
I went cruising on the highway with my girlfriend today for fun.
I won a mobile phone in a quiz contest yesterday, so happy.
today i got paid.
I purchased and new mobile phone and it made me happy.
I finished my work target and that moment make me feel happy.
Seeing my 1 year old son's joy while running into my arms.
My husband took me out to dinner.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
i went to a movie yesterday it was amazing and the concept of the movie is very interesting and i was very happy to see that movie .
Went to movie with my friends it was fun and a very happy moment
My nephew and brother called to talk to me on the phone.
I was happy because without waiting in queue i got my job done in bank very easily
i brought new laptop today
I was at work and we were doing the dishes, I put a upbeat song on that is native to my hometown, all my coworkers started dancing.
My dad told me that my package came in, I'm going to get it this weekend.
Ate a big grilled chicken salad.
In the morning when it is confirmed that my boss is not attending the office today, i feel very glad to have enough time to complete my work without any disturbance of my boss.
I weighed my sick cat this morning, and she didn't lose any weight in the last 24 hours, thank goodness.
It was my co worker's birthday and we had cake!
I felt sad because i had forgotten where i keep my bicycle key..after that my mom found my key then only i relaxed and make me happier...
I BOUGHT A NEW CAR YESTERDAY.IT'S MY LIFETIME DREAM.I FELT VERY HAPPY AT THAT TIME.
I won a project in a science fair.
I love keeping an eye on these studies, and thought I would share the latest batch with you here to see if any of them might resonate with you and make you just a bit happier.I watched Through the Looking Glass last night, and I didnt particularly care for the movie, but I dang near cried at the end, it made me so happy.
I was incredibly worried about coming up with the cost for a very formal dress for an upcoming family member's wedding, and my mother-in-law offered to purchase it for me.
I completed the work on my friends mower and it is ready to go back home.
My three year old got up this morning to use the potty by herself, whereas she usually wakes me or my wife up for help
Yesterday was my interview and i got selected.
I discovered a new television show last night that I enjoyed great("The Magicans")
I found out that I might be getting a new car.
I was able to meet with some friends after work and have some drinks.
Had some chicken and potatoes for dinner, it was pretty tasty.
I was given a free bottle of tea by my coworker.
I discovered a new musician that I like on Spotify.
I talked with my Egyptian friend who is depressed and I managed to make her feel better and relieved.
My loved mutton fry ate at yesterday evening
I went for a bike ride with my girlfriend after we ate a nice dinner.
Went over my workload at work and got some things taken off which makes my job way less stressful.
The girl at the coffee shop smiled made nice small talk with me.
I went to a free yoga class at our local library.
Had a yummy sandwich for breakfast
I discovered that I can do pull-ups with relative ease, and did a few before breakfast.
Knowing my daughter is not too sick after visiting the doctor
I got to see my girlfriend after a long day at work.
There are numerous happy events in my life that I can recall and among those, I would like to talk about the day that I was blessed with a little sister.
I was happy because I was invited to go to a party this Saturday
I got a free pizza via rewards points yesterday evening.
I got praised by my boss for doing a good job this morning.
I was happy when I watched a TV show with my husband in the middle of the day.
Learned to make pasta sauce.
Received my package from amazon, intact and fast.
I got a coupon for a free purse in the mail.
I got the cereal out this morning and there was enough left for one last bowl.
An item that had gone out of stock which I really wanted finally became available again and I was able to purchase it.
I found someone who was willing to purchase my old bed frame.
I saw that my pregnant wife's round belly is starting to show.
I had anal sex with my girlfriend yesterday morning.
I made an amazing cordon bleu meal for my family and even my kids liked it so that made me happy.
My wife and I had a wonderful lunch at a restaurant that is my lunchtime favorite restaurant.
I completed a work task without any errors.
Sitting down to eat dinner at the dinner table with my husband made me truly happy last night.
My girlfriend got a nice promotion at work and that made me happy as a result.
I was happy that my favorite baseball team won their game today.
going to the gym.
I got to go to my favorite restaurant for dinner.
I watched and listened to a beautiful tango-style french song, in which Hugh Laurie sang and played piano.
I received my new speakers in the mail today to attach to my monitor for greater sound quality.
I got another sale on one of my websites.
I had some clients consign material at work.
I worked out and make good progress on my weight lifting goal.
I bought some fresh salmon today for a great price from the grocery store.
I made homemade onion rings for the first time today.
A woman at work gave me a really great compliment.
At work, I established a new vendor as one of our preferred partners.
Had dinner at one of my favorite restaurants.
I talked to my daughter on the phone
I got love proposal from a boy friend and he is my old classmate.He is so affectionate with me on older days and continuing till now.
I was happy at work because I did an amazing demonstration of our product.
We went to Planet Fitness and exercised for about an hour as part of our effort to improve our health.
I realized that payday is tomorrow, so I will be getting my direct deposit before I wake up in the AM.
I completed an Mturk HIT that should approve for $5, that was relatively easy.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
When my sister told me that our art journal wasn't due tomorrow but on Monday.
I was happy that I had pizza for lunch.
My dog looked at me and I gave him a hug.
Friend bought a bike so he ride me
The wife of one of my buddies from work just had a baby girl.
My phone stopped acting up for a while.
I was happy to find out that my coworker was  feeling better (she's recovering from a cold or flu).
after long days i spoke with my childhood friend.
I finished a presentation for class.
I thought about the guy I'm dating and how cute he is.
Yesterday, I reached my earnings goal for the day.
I got an e-mail from my parents about their trip to Florida.
I went for shopping yesterday.
I was having problems with my phone so bad it was made essentially useless, but I was able to get a (new to me) phone and it works.
Told my wife I was working from home tomorrow and invited her to "come home for lunch" and she agreed.
I played with my roommate's dog before and after work.
I was selected as one of the employees who would be sent to Australia for a week for development program.
Buying nutritive food for my pet ( dog )
Received back my exam from my linear algebra class, and received a good score, 92%.
I WENT TO SHOPPING IN USER MY KETCHEN ITEM
Had lunch with a new employee at work and we got along great.
Cooked a healthy, filling dinner.
I had a fun debate about the Kendall Jenner Pepsi ad with a few friends.
A great home cooked meal with my roomates
I was called in for work that I enjoy.
I finished all my property classes!
BOUGHT A NEW BIKE
my family was hangout together as usual at friday morning
MY ELDER SISTER GOT FIRST MARK IN THE UNIVERSITY AND SHE IS A TOPPER OF THE UNIVERSITY AND GOT A CHANCE TO STUDY IN ABROAD
I made a cool new song on my computer
Had a good breakfast that seemed to tide me over for the day.
I got to watch the entire baseball game.
While looking for something to eat for lunch, I was happy when I unexpectedly found a can of my favorite ravioli.
Yesterday i went to mall and i bought more toys for my sister's baby then i met my college friend.We both shared lot about our college days.
I made a dinner recipe that tested my abilities and it turned out well.
YESTERDAY WE  PURCHASED THE NEW CYCLE IN MY ONE YEAR BABY
In my place of work I have a crush on one girl, She is too pretty and I like her too much Always when i see her I become happy automatically through her magical appearance around me.
I drove on the freeway listening to loud music by myself.
I have off work today and have plans with my family.
i had treated a beggar with food.
The weather was very nice yesterday, and I was happy for the most of duration of me being outside.
I went to McDonald's and got a large strawberry milkshake.
When my daughter got into a school.
Spoke with my parents after a gap of 7 days.
I treated myself to a burger, which usually isn't in my eating plan, and it was delicious.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I got all my errands done before going to see my friend this weekend.
Today I went to my church and there is election I am elected President of WMC.
A quote from a book.
My daughter slept through the night with only minor cry.
I woke up and felt truly grateful to see another day, with a roof over my head, food on my table, and a family who loves me and I love them.
Eating a healthy lunch
My antisocial cat curled up and slept with me last night.
I cuddled with my son before bed last night
I met my friend that I haven't seen in a long time at a bar to chat and have some beers.
I finished work early.
My daughter brought home a straight A progress report.
My wife came home with one of my favorite desserts; Boston Cream Pie.
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when a gift arrived for me in the mail that my girlfriend got me.
Had a delicious foreign pastry.
I made a plan to meet with my Grandma today at lunch.
I had great sex.
I ate my favorite food that is pizza
It appeared I lost weight when I got dress this morning because I looked amazing in an outfit that was very unflattering about a month ago.
I went to a store with two of my boys; the store has swords and medieval stuff; the service is terrible, but my boys and I had a fun time, and we stopped at Dairy Queen afterward!
My boss bought some people pizza at work yesterday which was great
I hung out with my crush and he told me that he likes me.
I got to spend the day with my husband who did not have to work.
I made Mango Chicken curry for my wife and it turned out delicious.
I finally saw the musical Hamilton in San Francisco after being obsessed with the songs for over a year.
I reconciled with a good friend of mine after a small argument.
On our morning walk, my dog was scared of the chickens that we passed by and behaved goofily.
I drove home last night and when i made it home My girlfriend had an amazing dinner prepared for me as well as baked brownies which I love.
I watched TV.
going to the gym.
I saw the cutest dog on the way home from work.
I learned important things by doing research.
I got an email that I had money being deposited in the bank!
My husband and I were able to go to out to lunch together today.
The cologne I ordered from Amazon came, and I really enjoy the scent.
Going to the lake and fishing with my friends and drinking some beers enjoying the beautiful weather.
I went out to lunch with friends, and had enough delicious leftovers for lunch tomorrow.
The office I work in received a free meal.
I ate my favorite meal, pizza for dinner.
The weather was nice.
I enjoyed some funny stand up comedy with my partner.
I woke up and realized that I didn't have to go into work today.
My cat was extra cuddly last night.
I've been hating the book I'm reading lately but it just started to get good so I'm hoping that means I'll be able to get through it more quickly.
I tried new coconut flavor coffee.
I was working today and managed to bring productivity up for a better monthly income.
Offered advice to people on a discussion on terms used in popular culture.
I was able to get jobs done at work that I have been backed up on and am close to being caught up.
While they are not amazing I got to see some video clips of the French Cruiser line being added to World of Warships.
A student I work with has improved his job skills so much that he can now do most of his work independently and faster than when we started.
I had my favorite dinner food last night which was very tasty but bit costlier.
I fully completed a workout routine that I had been struggling to fully complete in the past.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
This evening I played guitar on the front porch and watched the sun set.
I made lunch for my coworkers for gratitude as my 1st year anniversary at work.
I finally decided on which color bike should i buy for us.
I received a phone call tonight from a high school friend who I haven't spoken to since 2010.
Getting everything done I needed before the weekend starts.
Taking my dog to the park for a walk and playing Frisbee.
my professor was pleased with the work i'd accomplished.
Something that made me happy tonight was walking my dog around my neighborhood.
My friend offered to let me borrow his copy of "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild" once he was done with it so that I could play through it.
I played guitar for an hour.
I walked my dog and it made him happy.
I spent time with my kids at the park.
I listened to music.
I was able to stack manufacturer coupons, store sales and store coupons with a gift card to get almost a months worth of diapers for free!
talking with friends
I talked on the phone with a good friend of mine for about thirty minutes.
I played Pathfinder (A role playing game similar to Dungeons and Dragons) with a bunch of my internet friends.
yesterday my father heart  operation successfully completed we say thanks to god am happy that moment.
Ate a very tasty chicken bowl with rice, beans, cheese, cream, lettuce, and salsa from Chipotle.
I was given an offer for an online job that I can do at home and be with my kids.
I started gardening for the season.
My dog licked my face.
I saw a beautiful dream featuring my crush
I SPENT A FULL DAY WITH MY WOODBEE
When I walked to work this morning, the air was crisp and cool.
i was walking to the store to get cat food and cat litter...   i found 20 dollars in parking lot...that does not happen everyday..  i bought my stuff and the person behind me...   made her day
I got one recharge offer from my mobile company and that moment feels happy.
I ate free, high-quality sushi at a banquet.
I transferred my earning from mturk to my bank.
She asked me if she could trust me with her heart.
Presented today in front of the class and was not nervous!
I bought a new table.
I never wanted to kill my mother in law today, not once, which is really special.
This afternoon, my mother deposited a little money into my checking account which made me feel loved and very happy!
I had a delicious meal with a friend.
Yesterday my dad brought a my new iphone to me and he given that as a surprising gift to me.
my sister bought a android cell phone when she showed me that phone i was surprised.
I AM GOING TO MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION IN BEACH.ITS VERY NICE TIME THAT EVENT IS MEMORABLE MOMENT.
MY SISTER  BOUGHT A ANDROID CELL PHONE  WHEN SHE SHOWED ME THAT PHONE, I WAS SURPRISED.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
An event that made me happy was making progress in my physical body shape.
I found out my vacation was approved for  a 2 week long stay.
Cycled for 25 kms today morning with friends.
I had a great italian dinner.
I was inside all day during the thunderstorms yesterday so I did not get wet at all.
got something big done at work
I played a new video game this evening that I had been waiting to play but could not make time for.
My dog behaved well on her walk.
Yesterday I ate a huge Italian sub, it was delicious!
I met with several friends in a local pub, and we had a great chat.
My bosses left early for the day, so my afternoon was fairly relaxed.
I had time to sit down and read the book I have been wanting to for a while.
I got to cook my sister a meal after 24 years.
I went to a local bookstore and bought a book called the Art of Peace.
I went to Smoothie King and got my favorite kind of smoothie after finishing my classes for this week.
When it rained yesterday I could hear the thunder and it made me feel peaceful.
Went to chick-fil-a after not having gone to chick-fil-a in a very long time.
Spending the day home with my daughter
My fiance made me an egg sandwich this morning.
Enjoying my Coffiest drink.
I made it to the gym yesterday afternoon on my lunch break and had a great workout.
I just found out we are going out of town this weekend.
I got home from work earlier than expected.
I made myself a really nice dinner of roasted salmon and was surprised it came out well.
Last night I excercised on the treadmill for 30 minute and felt great afterwards.
I ate a great breakfast that I had made myself.
Last night I was able to spend time with family I hadn't seen in a while.
I got a decent amount of work done in my garden
My husband was in a good mood yesterday about his health.
I enjoyed eating a Hershey bar.
I baked cookies with my crush.
My mother sent me a letter in the mail.
Staying on track, when it comes to my diet, yesterday
I saw my payment from a job had posted which allows me to make a purchase I've been wanting.
My daughter started talking more and kept me entertained this morning.
I came home from the gym and saw violets blooming in the front yard.
The weather was absolutely beautiful yesterday, so I kept all the windows open well into the night.
A very unpleasant woman who worked at my job, was escorted out of the building because her work was deemed insufficient.
My neighbor brought over some fresh bread she had baked too much of and it was nice to know someone thinks about us.
Met a new friend online, who was very friendly
Going to watch our soccer team last night and they won the game!
I watched a live concert video on youtube that was pretty good.
My old tablet started to work again after I thought it was unfixable.
Completing the fire academy.
I worked hard at my volunteer position at the library and everyone who works there was really impressed with how much I accomplished.
I was visiting pilgrimage, a church in kamanaickanpatti, near kovilpatti
My happy moment that happened to me was that I was able to buy groceries with my own money that I earned.
Ordered from one of my favorite chinese restaurants.
I went to a bonfire with my friends last night.
I had dinner with my family at Chili's
My dad came in from out of state to visit me and take me out to dinner.
A friend paid me 1000 dollars for some work I did.
I was able to go out to eat with my family.
I went to an Opening Day Baseball game.
Got invited to my buddy's wedding.
Went with my boyfriend to the fair!
I was able to sleep in on a Friday with my boyfriend, we never both have Fridays off and between work and school sleeping in was a great way to start off my day.
I spent time with my daughter after getting home from work.
I got some new clothing I've been wanting for a long while.
I received the game Persona 5 in the mail, and it made me excited to continue working so I could play it later.
I had an amazing workout yesterday and did a ton of cardio, breaking a crazy sweat.
It was my birthday and I had enchiladas and chocolate pie!
I was told that i am getting a new job making more money.
Making progress in a computer game I've been working on.
Purchasing a new game on my game console and playing it.
My fiance picked me up from therapy and we went to the store together.
I managed to reach my weekly work goal, this ensures a steady income at the end of the month.
My friend Mark came from out of town to visit.
I made whole wheat pancakes.
One of my friends offered to cook me dinner.
I slept in late today because it was the weekend
I found an old cast iron skillet at a garage sale this morning.
I got my new baby fetal monitor in, and heard the baby's heartbeat for the first time.
we went to a shopping mall and purchased lot of things.my kids are very happy walking everywhere playing games in the mall.i felt really very happy seeing them enjoying and having fun and then we had dinner in the restaurant and reached home.
I finally got to start season 7 of Shameless after binge watching the entire series 6 months ago.
I was able to poop after being constipated for a few days.
I went out for drinks with some friends I had not seen in a while.
I played a fun group game with 20 or so high school students.
I got a new project which will be creating lots of revenue for my organization.
While I was sitting on the couch, my cat jumped up next to me, nuzzled me and purred and purred.
I put together activities for the families in our program who will be coming to the mixer next week.
my lovely girl who presented me a watch on my birthday.
I came from work last night after a long stressful day and made myself a delicious margarita.
i finally got the time to go buy another bottle of mineral water for the water dispenser.
I bought a nice steak at a grocery store.
A pitcher on my fantasy baseball team got the win.
Met up with friends I hadn't seen in a few weeks for drinks at a bar.
When I got off of work yesterday for the weekend.
I found out that I will be an uncle!
I had a surprise lunch with my wife
I received some much needed medication in the mail yesterday afternoon.
I just booked my first Disneyland vacation and we will be able to stay at Disney's Grand Californian because I found a great special.
Ate awesome Chinese lunch made by my mother-in-law.
I went shopping for clothes all be myself with no kids for the whole morning.
I took a nap promptly after class.
Watched Kong: Skull Island in the movie theater.
Bought The Legend of Zelda, Breathe of the Wind for my Nintendo Switch last night.
My mom told me that she was going to pay for my Bachelor's degree this summer.
I made and ate fruit custard at home.
We went to see the Ghost in the Shell movie at an Imax theater.
Last night I saw an old friend that I had not seen in five years.
I received a rare card in my favorite iPad game.
I was playing with my daughter yesterday and it made me feel really great, because she has this beautiful view of the world and it relaxes me.
I had a good game night with my friends last night.
I accepted an offer to begin a PhD program.
my little brother walked his two first steps
I went to my favorite cafe and got a sandwich and my favorite coffee.
I went dancing.
I got 101 points out of 100 in my socio-psychological class.
Made a delicious meal of lentil shepherds pie for dinner and have lots of leftovers to enjoy
This morning I watched my favorite soccer team, Manchester City, win a game against Hull City--plus, my favorite player, Sergio Aguero, scored a goal!
Last night, I got to talk to my boyfriend.
I helped my son's 4-H club pick up trash on trail near the river.
I got Comic Con tickets for Saturday!
I talked a friend in to watching my favorite tv show, Wentworth.
I went for a run.
I played an old game and just by hearing its music it brought a huge smile on my lips and brought back great memories.
I saw someone propose.
I bought chinese food which I've been craving all week!
My friend enjoyed the class I had invited her to.
I finished a programming assignment.
I went to the museum of science and industry
I got a hug from a friend, and they told me how much I mean to them.
I was able to do something nice for my significant other that made him happy.
I woke up to fantastic good morning sex.
I played on a dart league and we won all of our games.
I was praised at work for a job well done on a project i did.
My time watching my beautiful Great Nephews came to an end of Spring Break, I am so exhausted but had a fantastic time being with them!
I enjoyed a delicious dinner that was compatible with my diet and which tasted just like the version of it that is not compatible with my diet.
Yesterday a friend and I watched a funny movie called Pineapple Express.
My nephew was able to figure out how to blow out the candle on his birthday cake for his second birthday.
My best friend went into labor and I got to see her new baby girl!
Helping my dad replace our old floor made me happy.
i found a really nice airbnb for a vacation and the owner called and said he was offering discounts, after i had already booked it
I was happy leaving work on a Friday afternoon and found sunshine when I walked out of my office building.
I found my old recipe for butterscotch brownies.
I found my locket with my deceased mothers picture in it.
When i can see my brother at the station, this was very comfortable for me.
I slept in late today and had nothing important to do all day.
My son hit the ball in his baseball game and scored the winning run.
I went scuba diving today with several friends and we had a great time.
I helped a friend assemble some items from Ikea today and he treated me to dinner.
I joined a bicycling club and rode my first organized ride with the group this morning.
I went out dancing with my roommates at a techno rave.
I was elated to have discovered an SEO technique that I was not fully applying on my blog.
I ate a tasty dinner.
Getting a maine lobster roll from a food truck that was at the soccer game it was really good!
Yesterday morning, I was really happy my earnings from a gift card website called Earn Honey was really high after I left it running on my computer over night.
I finally figured out how to resize photos for my dad for his auctions on eBay on my newest computer.
I found that by adding a small amount of cocoa to my chili recipe that the chili was even better tasting than usual.
I had a great meal.
I was able to leave work early on Friday afternoon because I completed everything on my agenda.
The guy I am going on a date with later tonight sent me several text messages yesterday and this morning telling me how excited he was to see me.
The Tigers won on opening day.
I reached 1000 hits on Mturk, which will most likely open up more opportunities for me.
Finishing my work week on a positive note
I played my guitar after lunch.
I watched a really good movie last night called John Wick 2, it was a lot of fun and a worthy sequel.
After spending an hour on the first computer issue, I successfully completed another computer task after another hour's worth of work.
MY HUSBAND PRESENT A GIFT FOR MY BIRTHDAY.
There was a new episode of my favorite podcast about one of my favorite conspiracy theories.
I was able to make a great tasting dinner for my family.
I saw the relief on my girlfriend's face when she realized we wouldn't have to ask family and friends for rides anymore.
Getting a project on track
A girl that I'm fond of texted me today, and we had an amazing conversation.
I finished all my work last night, so I would have the whole weekend free.
My daughter won her volleyball tournament
A simple WhatsApp conversation and the fact that I had food to eat I just bought new DSLR and the moment my young kids opened the box my house was full of giggles and chuckles .. Hehe huhu..this made me extremely happy.
I spent a pleasant evening with my son.
I learned that a new line of Pokemon stuffed animals would be released, and as a collector, I was very excited.
I was told that one of my friends did well on his assignment for class.
I found cheap flights for our summer vacation, for under $1000 for all five of us!
Went i return home from work in the evening, my wife was waiting for me and gave me a very pleasurable kiss.
I chatted with a friend that I had not talked to in a long time.
I went outside for a walk.
My state chemical dependency board approved me to sit for an exam that will grant my independent licensure.
I had made chicken biryani, today afternoon for the first time and it turned out really delicious.
I am making some extra money
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
To my wife's surprise yesterday I went alone for the 1st time to buy a jewel for my wife to give it today on the occasion o our 25th wedding anniversary  which was thrilling and happy
Studied today after a long time
i installed a new operating system on one of my laptops and its working reall well.
Using my instant pot to make a fast, easy, satisfying dinner my family will love makes me very happy.
I listened to music.
I watched a funny Dave Chappelle comedy special on Netflix.
I completed a mission in a video game.
I chatted on the phone with my girlfriend for an hour.
My daughter won her basketball game against a really tough team.
I got to see my nephews this morning and went to breakfast and hung out.
I went out to dinner with my girlfriend
Spring break had begun on my campus.
Going surfing in the late afternoon and catching some fun waves.
I played a video game with a friend online.
had mangoes after long
I ordered pizza last night for supper and it was delicious!
My dog and I went to an Easter egg event and she found the most bones.
Finding out my mom wasn't sick made me happy yesterday.
I had a really good dinner because my wife cooks amazing food.
The calm and peaceful pray in the mosque yesterday makes me feel happy.
I was at a birthday patty of a friend we had a good time
I went for a long walk with my dog and my daughter.
Another event that made me happy is that I was able to talk to my girlfriend who is on the other side of the country right now.
I was happy when I played a game on my phone.
I visited the downtown old part of the city and walked around the nice vintage historical building and went to the river to relax a little.
My friend got me my favorite snack.
#2 Went out to dinner, no cooking/no cleaning.
My mother in-law cooked a delicious dinner for the family last night.
Got the salary
I was really hungry after working for 6 hours and I came home and made myself pasta, and it was delicious.
One of my favorite songs played on the radio.
I visited my dad, who is in the hospital, and he is starting to feel better.
I finished an online essay right in the nick of time.
My mom brought me a burger, for lunch.
This afternoon decided to go to the local boat harbor and noticed a tour schedule that I checked for possible future tours to take with my family.
My niece cooked for me
The pickled mushrooms I made are now ready to eat, and turned out very well.
A former colleague took me out to dinner
I found out my nephew is getting married.
I took my mother out to lunch and she was really excited about it.
I was let off work early because there were some things the owner needed to do.
I got my father-in-laws death certificates in the mail this morning, finally, after waiting for them for days.
I watched a TV show that I enjoyed.
I ate some ice cream.
Making a delicious dinner last night consisting of a steak and cheese sub and kale chips made me happy.
I grilled some barbecue chicken and it didn't stick to the grill this time.
Talking to my mom on the phone.
An old friend from high school messaged me on Facebook.
I played board games with some friends.
My puppy, Zenzi, learned how sit and stay!
At a leadership training event the facilitator told a very funny joke about "basic moms of suburbia."
I am watching my cat groom himself now.
We took the children to a local lake with walking path to fish and feed the geese and ducks.
Finding out that my dog's animal hospital bill (almost$1000) would be free because of a error on their part that the clinic wanted to correct.
I cooked myself a big meal.
Taking my dogs to the vet for a checkup made me happy.
I had the most delicious breakfast burrito this morning.
The Rockies won their home opener!
Signed out to vacation at work
My horse that I havent ran in five months did awesome!
I packed for my trip to Los Angeles to see my high school friends and have an informal reunion.
My husband took me to a car show and out to eat for lunch today.
I got offered a potentially lucrative contract.
My fiance' got most of the day off, so I have gotten to spend time with her.
I got a picture message of my daughter while I was having a rough day at work.
We ordered pizza for work and my peers took my suggestion at which place to order food from.
I Enjoyed having food
Looking at the pictures from my son's 2nd birthday party and the ones from his birth (popped up on timehop).
I did some online shopping.
made cookies with my family.
I saw that my uploaded video has been viewed by many people.
I watched the live stream of a live show of one of my favorite podcasts, Another Round.
I watched a funny show before bed
I was appointed as the manager of a reputed company.
My daughter slept well the second half of the night.
My wife took our two girls to a play and I had the house to myself all night.
I watched my favorite TV show.
I got my salary today
I sat out by the pool.
I ran into an old friend at dinner yesterday.
My dad said that he was proud of me and that myself and my husband will make excellent parents.
My mother is feeling less fatigue after chemo cycle.
Getting a raise at work.
I watched my favorite basketball team play last night.
I enjoyed a light and scrumptious salad for dinner last night.
i went to the movies with a friend.
I was off from work today.
I found out that I will pass my class I was concerned about.
I ate a plate of homemade nachos.
My father gives me Byk as gift its surprise gift and its happiest event for me.
The new book I wanted to read finally arrived on the mail,, I had been waiting for it for weeks!
Watching the USA women win the Gold medal in the hockey world championship.
My son struggles with math, but he brought home a test on which he made an A.
Grabbing dinner with some friends and catching up last night.
I woke up next to my boyfriend.
My boyfriend cooked a delicious pizza while I took a nap.
I found out what was the mystery smell in the kitchen.
I spent some time with my wife last night talking and watching tv.
I took my son to his favourite play house after a long time, it made him very happy.
I spoke with my girlfriend.
There was a local rescue puppy listed as lost on our community list serv for two days; well they found the poor thing last night.
I completed a lot of work in a very short time, so I felt very accomplished.
I wrapped some Easter gifts for family for my holiday visit.
I spend a lot of time with my kids after 3 days.
My dog is starting to get house trained,well, just a little bit.
I went for a walk and the weather was nice which made me happy.
I played with my cousin children.
I came out of my bedroom this morning and found my boyfriend had already made my lunch.
My son gave me a big hug first thing this morning.
I found time to get in some exercise in the afternoon.
When playing with one of my kids.
My daughter ask me to play a video-game with her on WI.We end up having a lot of fun
I will spend some time with my sister
I walked my dogs yesterday at our high school.
I got to have time alone with  my husband without the kids around.
Playing fetch with my dog in the backyard.
I ate a cupcake.
My wife made the most awesome homemade pancake breakfast for me.
i was happy when i get to see my favorite movie again
My flowers are trying to peek through the ground, meaning spring is here
I watched The Masters golf tournament on television.
I ate lunch outside.
TODAY I LEARN NEW SKILLS
My knees felt okay, and I went outside and went for a long run in some great weather.
Finished a huge writing assignment :)
Looking at the beauty of the flower garden that I laid pine straw in a couple days ago.
I got off work for the weekend.
I found the amiibo my daughter wanted included with a game at Wal-Mart, so I picked it up for the Easter Bunny to deliver soon.
My boss gave next week off for a job well done.
yesterday my father got a promotion at government of india my father and my family members very happy that moment
I went rock climbing with my girlfriend and successfully completed what to me were difficult courses.
Friday is something of a day off after working late on Thursday, and I slept in allowing me to catch up on rest and experience vivid dreams.
I was able to fix an overdrawn account via a loan from a close friend.
I was able to watch a new episode of my favorite show
Watching my favorite show made me happy.
I made breakfast faster than normal.
I ate pho for dinner
My husband is home and we can spend time together
Went to eat at one of my favorite restaurants.
I found out Superstore has a new episode on Hulu.
My daughter baked a cake for my sons birthday.
I realized the sun had come out after a bad bit of rain we had.
My mom made a pie and brought it over just for me.
My dog woke me up this morning when he pushed his way under the covers and cuddled up next to me
I am going to the Bahamas next week, constants thought of it have made me happy over the last 24 hours.
I received extra credit on a quiz I took yesterday.
I rode home on my bike, it  felt really windy, so I felt like a badass.
I watched One Punch Man and let out a quick laugh for the first time in a while.
I had a productive day at work, got a lot done.
I have listened to a lot of good albums.
I was able to go for a bike ride; I love cycling, and it was the first day this year that it was warm enough to go out.
Later that night, we ordered pizza and watched TV.
I have had plenty of work to keep me busy today.
My mom called me and we talked for a while.
I ate a hot fudge brownie sundae for dessert tonight.
I was able to find time to play a game I enjoy.
My girlfriend said i make her happy.
My dog was super happy to see me when I got home from lunch.
Watching a movie that I'd never heard of which turned out to be really good.
My cats were excited to see me when I woke up.
Browsing the internet, reading new books and learning made me happy.
I was happy today because my 2 year old said "thank you" when I gave her something.
A visiting friend told me he liked a meal I cooked previously very much and hoped I would make it again for dinner tonight.
I was able to get a bunch of surveys done yesterday that I don't normally apply for, so I made some good extra money.
buying clothing this afternoon.
A friend I haven't talked with in a while texted me out of the blue.
I got compliments on a post on my tumblr blog.
I was happy that my favorite baseball team won their game today.
Celebrating with my sister in law over having her braces removed.
Purchased my Tipper and Friends tickets for a Florida vacation!
Hearing that my son made it home from the mall, he got stranded for a while.
After breakfast I deep cleaned my kitchen.
Great conversation with a new friend
Hearing good news from a friend about a job opportunity
I got a full workout this morning.
Ate a whole cheese pizza
Looking at the photos and memories stored on my phone of my past travel brings a smile to my face.
The weather was perfect for an early Spring day and I enjoyed being outside for awhile.
I had a really good workout and long relaxing shower afterwards.
I went to wal mart and bought some food to cook.
I havent seen my dog all day and got home and got to see him and he was so excited to see me.
Watching my 2 year old play baseball for the first time.
Beating a challenging level on the video game I've been playing
I ran for two miles this morning.
i was really happy when i had a chance to run with my friends
I went to the park and ran a mile.
Went shopping and seen they had my favorite pizza on sale.
My son called me on the phone.
I went over to my friend's place and we hung out for awhile.
My wife and I found out that we are pregnant!
I asked the girl that I'm pretty much "dating" in a ldr, if she would like to meet in September, she said yes :3
I ordered a weight set over a week ago and it finally got delivered today.
The weather this past weekend was very amazing and it allowed me to do all the outdoor activities I had planned for yesterday.
Last night, we had a very good home made dinner of fried pork chops, fresh green beans, baked potatoes and apple sauce.
I saw my cat notice another cat outside and he freaked out, it was funny.
i was happy when i finally got my paycheck
I ate at my favorite restaurant with my dad.
I ate a tiny pizza.
I'm happy that I got to play video games with my friend because we rarely ever get to play games with each other anymore.
Now that springs's here and the days are getting warmer again: making a small campfire in the backyard, grabbing an ice cold beer and just relax after a hard day of work.
My mom and I went out shopping together to various stores.
This morning, I was able to work for about 4 hours straight on a project I have been participating in and was able to complete it.
I got a bonus at work for meeting my goal.
I worked out for the first time in a long time.
I spent some time to myself reading and just relaxing.
Cooking a delicious dinner with my spouse.
I made the best burritos this weekend and I was happy to share them with some friends.
It was the first truly spring-like day, with the temperature hovering around 75 degrees and a sunny blue sky.
My husband brought home fresh sea scallops and made my favorite scallop dinner last night, as a surprise thank you for redoing his resume.
I beat halo 5 guardians on the hardest difficulty for xbox one was very hard to beat i unlocked achievement.
My girlfriend texted me that she missed me
I finally beat Yakuza 0 on my PS4, since the last boss was giving me a pretty hard struggle.
Listening to an interesting audiobook for a while
Today was my 'cheat day' for my diet, the first in a month, and I ate a reasonable amount of all my Easter favorites.
The event that made me happy was when I bought my favorite food at a restaurant that we always go to.
I was able to successfully reschedule my dentist appointment without additional fees that I had forgotten about.
I bought a new laptop and I really like it.
I ordered all my plants for my garden this year and some of them have already shipped.
Going on vacation to New Orleans made me happy.
I held a surprise birthday party for my girlfriend.
My shitty boss told me he was leaving for a new job within the week.
I finally received a check I was expecting.
My youngest daughter laughed for the first time.
That my family could all get together for my grandmothers 90th birthday.
I was so happy when we were having our vacation at San Francisco for 3 weeks with my wife
Spending Easter with my wife, daughter and family.
I spent Saturday night watching some great MMA fights.
I was thrilled the day that my youngest son with autism won an art contest.
i went to disneyland
Received a notice from the ACT that my youngest daughter scored a 34 on her most recent attempt.
i drank a really good coffee
I took my dogs to the beach to play fetch, it was a beautiful day.
I visited my daughter & granddaughters in New York.
When me and my wife went to Home Depot and selected hardwood and carpet for the renovation of our home in the next month.
I won $900 in a harness race.
I saw my 24 week old fetus on ultrasound with my husband and my parents.
A little over one month ago, my wife and I traveled to Mexico for a vacation.
We got a new car that gets 50 miles per gallon which is great for our long commute.
I watched an episode of Saturday Night Live hosted by my favorite comedian.
One month ago I was able to finished the novel, Halo: Silentium.
A $ 4 paying MTurk hit which involved group activities got approved easily even though my contribution was very insignificant in the group activities.
Something that made me happy recently was sitting on a blanket on the lawn of a beautiful winery with perfect warm weather, mountains in the background, wine glass in hand, watching my husband and daughter play.
My last work evaluation resulted in a pay increase.
WE got a very good supervisor today.
I came home from work travel.
I went on an overnight trip to Pittsburgh and stayed in a hotel.
I was so happy when I found that there was fresh pressed juice in the deli section of the grocery store!
I bought my first 4k TV and switched back to Dish for a new customer discount.
Spending time with some long distance friends at a convention.
I met a great person that I am currently in a relationship with
I returned a couple of items that I've been wanting to return for a while
After spending over 10 months without walking in recovery from a sever leg injury, I have been now able to bear weight and walk using a crutch or a cane.
My sister from Europe came to visit with us about a month ago.
I was so happy when my grandson came home from school with four of the six awards that they awarded that day.
I made a chocolate cake and it came out great.
In Mid March, we found out that our college did well during an audit.
I got a new job that started this week, so far its been great
When I finally received an invitation to perform tasks on Mechanical Turk, I was happy for the opportunity and I'm still happy with the experience today.
Meeting my girlfriend  two months ago.
My relatives from Chicago came to visit.
A short film script I wrote went into production.
When UNC won the national championship.
I ate my favorite pizza
Had an anniversary dinner with my girlfriend.
I got to meet one of my all-time favorite singers backstage at a concert I attended.
I was traveling with my spouse and 4 friends on a yacht for 3 days.
Lease a new car
I visited my boyfriend in Chicago, IL.
Assisting to the act where I've received my Bachelor's Degree on Business Administration.
The first thing that made me happy in the last 3 months was the day that I got a raise for my job from 10 dollars to 13 dollars.
I went to a flea market in my home town and I came across a canadian silver dollar I had been looking for my collection.
Helping my daughter rider her bike without training wheels for the first time.
last February I checked my stock portfolio and found one company doubled in price.
I got my dog to go down a slide at a playground and it was hilarious.
I bought a new online game and spent some time playing alongside my best friend.
Believe it or not, it was leaving work today on time so I could spend more time with my family.
Finding out I would be graduating a semester earlier than I thought
Going to Disney World to celebrate my one year anniversary with my husband.
An event that made me happy was when my boyfriend told me his family members asked about me at an event I could not attend.
Going out to dinner with my with my spouse.
I worked out for an hour.
I presented my research at the biggest research conference at my university.
I attended my Niece's birthday party last weekend.
I am newly divorced and had gone to my brothers to visit him and that time he handed me an envelope and said to me this is to help you get through a couple of months of bills, remember he said I am always here for you.
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I  was so excited, I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first  surprise given by my dad.
I visited dear relatives in the village "Mata Negra".
When i got my paycheck this month as i was going through a low time financially, it was a very happy moment as I could pay off all my bills and even treat my friends with a lovely dinner.
When I was told that I would be now working day-shift at my job as a registered nurse instead of night shift.
Today I got to reconnect with an old friend that I had not seen in years
My boyfriend bought me a new dslr camera for our anniversary.
I received a scholarship for graduate students in my field that I had worked extremely hard on my application for.
I did not have to work today.
I was happy that my favorite Italian team won the game today.
I dream of buying a new bike and that dream comes true last month and moment make me more happy.
I decided on a new career
I WENT  TO COLLEGE
When my brother going to America last night
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I had a delicious cheeseburger to treat myself at a fancy burger restaurant.
I became happy when I received my scores for this week's grades in school.
I was able to go for a 10 mile fun after training for a few months and it felt great.
The time I went out to dinner with friends for a friends' birthday, and then we went back to their house just to hang out, talk, and play games.
I drove through beautiful mountains in Northern California while watching the sunset.
i m really happy this survey is back and is giving me reasonable amount to talk about my feelings .and i'm watching the 100 serial it is made me very happy and im addicted to it.
I paid off my car.
The day with my wife
I got a paper back in class and my teacher made the comment that it was one of the best in class.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so excited , i cant forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad
I bought a new car
I was very happy when I received a promotion and raise at work even though it involved extra work.
I played video games today and accomplished multiple goals in them.
we celebrated my daughter's birthday.
I felt very happy on Thursday last week when I shared time with my girlfriend in a cinema hall and enjoyed the moments with her
I was able to buy my wife a brand new car.
My girlfriend came back to me
Recently I got bonus pay for exceptional work on a project.
My daughter has started to walk.
my cousin was married i consider her as my sister
My organization hosted a very successful event.
Baseball season started again.
I went on a vacation where I didn't have to do much of anything at all.
My friends and I planned a camping trip to a lake, where we floated around on a raft and drank beer and just relaxed!
I started praying while swimming at the local rec center, and the combination of mind and spirit makes me contented.
Going to personal training and completing my reps last night
This morning my daughter built her first Duplo(Lego) tower that was more than a single pillar.
the moment when i get my master degree i was very happy it's came after 2 years of studying and tired so this moment became  a big pleased event as i finished an important goal of my life that which will change my future
My son recovered from a terrible car accident that he almost died from.
Last week i got placement in a famous bank with my friends.
I received a raise at work.
In the past 3 months, something that made me happy was finally seeing my 2 year old nephew for the first time.
Several days ago I found out that my niece has been accepted into a well known university.
Beginning my last semester of college.
I passed all my university exams.
I made plans with my mother, sister, brother, grandmother, and other family members to go to Disney World over Mother's Day Weekend, and I supplied the passes!
I was able to take time off from work in anticipation of our new child arriving in June.
I was accidentally able to successfully argue the price of a purchase from $54 to $25.
One thing that made me happy today is that it's my 15 year anniversary!
Finishing the semester at school made me happy.
The Chicago Cubs raised their world series championship banner and I got to watch the ceremony live on TV.
I received a promotion at work two months ago.
Getting the opportunity for employment training made me very very happy.
Went with my wife to our monthly appointments to check on our baby, where we saw an ultrasound image of it.
After buying a number of DASH coins (a cryptocurrency) at about $7 each in January, I was very happy to see its price rise substantially enough that I could cash out my original investment and see a continued increase in the value of the rest.
I recently discovered Nathaniel Rateliff's music during the Fargo season premiere.
I decided to lay in my hammock in the park and watch clouds for an hour on a sunny day.
When my new boss showed her appreciation for me joining their team by buying me a thing of flowers and having them waiting on my desk for me in the morning with a little note thanking me for all I do and how happy she is that I've joined their team and how great I do.
I got a promotion at work.
I was happy when I got to spend a day experience new event with my boyfriend, like riding the trolley downtown and spending the evening at a hockey game.
My advisor was impressed by the quality of work I provided.
I got surprise tickets from some friends to see Blink 182 this summer.
I went to this really bizarre store with my boyfriend and my daughter that was full of strange wood chainsaw carvings.
I found out I was accepted into nursing school and can now start to go down the path to my dream job.
I went on vacation to Santiago.
I finally finished my origami snake which took me around a month to build.
It made me happy when my boyfriend made me blueberry pancakes for my birthday.
My son was able to visit on a school break, and it had been some time since the last time we saw each other.
completed a big project within a short span of time.
I was happy when I was able to see my unborn baby on the ultrasound at the doctor's office.
I adopted a new cat from a local shelter.
When I got accepted into law school.
Easter morning, when I took my kids to my parents house.
My daughter manages an accounting office and I babysit her two children on Saturdays for the three months of tax-season each year because she must work six days a week and this past Saturday tax-season ended which made her children and everyone, including myself, happy for the rest of this year!
I made ten bucks in ten minutes off of survey work and got paid within the hour.
My Lover told "I Love You", that event s
I got a college scholarship.
Getting 13 granddaughter
Traveling through the Greek Islands during the summer.
My car loan application was approved by the bank last month.
I watched puppy dog pals with my two kids this morning before we took them to day care.
My husband and I were able to go out by ourselves without the kids and spend some quality time together.
I was happy when I received the results of my A1c test a month ago; it was the lowest A1c I had every had.
I had a salary increase since I perform well on my job last year.
U was informed by a family member that she'd gotten engaged to be married.
I had been working on a project tirelessly for months, so the day I finished and submitted the last element of the project I felt lighter than air!
My daughter turned 2 years old.
I bought a new townhouse and finally started paying into my own investment instead of renting; I also gained $30,000 in equity as soon as I bought it, which was a nice surprise.
Sitting in the sunshine on my patio eating strawberries from the farmers market.
Cooking a very nice and yummy dinner for my husband and I.
I started watching Shameless.
I met one of my future roommates and their super cute dog.
I was happy when my daughter was accepted into her school's gifted program.
Small event but i was pretty happy when i buffed and waxed my car after putting it off for a few days.
While on family vacation, my eldest son woke up extra early to play golf with me.
An event that made me happy was going on a day trip with my family.
I quit my job 3 weeks ago.
Getting a raise at work.
I always come across these twin cats, and yesterday they both were around  circle around  me until I left.
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
The event which made me happy in past three months would be the business proposal which i received through my friends circle , the reason behind happiness is the proposal or offer which i received gave a good scope for me and exited thing is the tried for the same around three years ago , I was not expecting that any more and it was a surprise to me.
i got job after 4 years, now i am getting good pay
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE
it was my marriage party.i invited all of my friends and gave me a party to them
it was my marriage party.i invited all of my friends and gave me a party to them
I took a sampler art glass with a friend and made created something I liked.
I got engaged to the person I've been in relationship with, for the past 9 years, with full support of my parents.
I purchased a new keyboard for my computer.
I was happy when we went to Santa Barbara for the weekend.
I received a promotion and major raise at work.
It made me happy to realize that if I ever was down and out, my family would always accept me for who I am.
festival in temple near by to my college .I was enjoying it with my friends drum beating  and its tune were awesome.
We were heading out on vacation with some friends.
I found the most perfect dog at the animal shelter.
Getting dinner with my girlfriend last night.
I found that I was able to take on a more enjoyable job and still cover my expenses.
An event that made me happy was when someone I had assisted at work brought a basket of gifts to my office.
I visited a temple with my family one week back it made me happy.
My entire family met in Palm Springs for my father's 80th birthday
My friend Noah and I gathered ourselves early one morning and drove to San Diego to see a musical artist that we both had admired for years and years live in concert.
my sister was a government job so very happy
The first time I kissed my new girlfriend made me so incredibly happy.
I was able to take my daughter on a vacation for her tenth birthday at the beginning of this month.
After saving, searching and researching for a few awhile, purchasing my first car made me really happy.
I was accepted into an academic program that I applied to.
My 4 year old niece came over to my house with her family, and asked me to go upstairs with her so we could "talk".
We took a trip to Chicago for my son's christening and I was happy to have a vacation.
We went on a family camping trip to Tybee Island Georgia.
My fiancA(c) proposed to me in front of my family in the beginning of March.
I replayed my favourite videogame over the last couple of days and it instantly lifted my mood the moment the intro began.
MY DAUGHTER PASSING THE EXAMS
Finally, after months of losing, I won a drawing at a local bar for two free beers a day for the month.
I was promoted a better position within my company.
I recently went to the casino with friends and won five hundred dollars.
I received a rebate from a retailer and a coupon worth 20% on any new purchase.
I met a girl that I really like
After spending several months grieving the loss of my beloved cat, my mother surprised me by adopting two cats for me, including one that I had bonded with during my time volunteering for a cat shelter.
I was approved for a loan with a decent interest rate that allowed me to purchase a new car.
When I learned that my PhD proposal was accepted.
I was surprised by a friend whom had previously left the country and I wasn't sure I'd see again
The day I got my new car because it was the first new car I have ever owned in my life.
I had a nice Birthday dinner with my mother that was really lovely.
I was working on a long and arduous project at work and became so immersed in it that I finished a lot sooner than normal, and my boss recognized my improvement and gave me a raise the next day.
Seeing my daughters smiling faces as they rode rides at a carnival this weekend made me very happy.
When I went to Disney World with my family, it made me very happy.
The get together with my friends.we went a long trip of seven days and there are couple of old conversation with rejuvenate the past and comes the smile in our faces.As everyone is almost in good stage all are earning good in their life and after that finally get together brings a smile in our face.
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed
An event that made me happy was going out on a boat with my parents in Florida.
My friend got married last Friday and at the rehearsal dinner he gave me a picture of all of the memories we had together for being his groomsman and it made me very happy to know that he remembered all of these things and took the take to make the picture for me.
Going to a family and friends with my family at church I  enjoying being with my four sister at the event
I made the decision to leave a job I hated.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months is when me boyfriend and I made an offer on a house we really like.
I traced my ancestry back to Europe.
My husband bought me a new diamond necklace for my birthday.
My mother regaining her ability to walk and squeeze with her right hand after it was affected by a stroke made me very happy.
I got engaged on Valentine's Day.
The day my students did very well in their exams made me very happy.
My son got good job which is the happiest moment
I wrote an essay about my nephew, and it was selected as a winner for money that will be deposited into his college fund.
My wife, daughter and I went to Seattle for a daytrip.
Getting a call from an old friend I haven't seen in over a year.
My youngest daughter got accepted to school in the fall.
When my sister in-law told me she was pregnant, which I had been suspecting.
Finally move on from my ex
The week my boyfriend and I got to stay in a resort together.
My first happy event was taking a week off of work to visit my daughter in Alabama, whose new house is on the Tennessee River.
After a year and a half of planning a private sailing trip to Cuba with friends we are finally ready to set sail.
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact it's been rather tiring and stressful but it's fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.Woke up 5:45, Meditated, cooked a healthy breakfast, worked on things I love, went to the gym, cooked a healthy dinner and slept peacefully.
My son learned how to give kisses the other day.
when I got Admission in a top technical College.
My son completed a big school project.
Playing video games for 15 mins each week.
I got to move into a house my sister had been occupying that we both owned, despite her not wanting me there.
When my best friend invited me to dinner with him and his family.
My mother paid off the entirety of my wedding ring repair bill.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was getting engaged to my long time girlfriend during a long weekend at Florida Keys.
I got a new pet for valentines day.
ONE DAY MY COLLEGE MATES ARRANGED A SOCIAL WELFARE CAMP WHICH IS REALLY A JOYFUL EXPERIENCE, WE ALL HAD A GREAT DAY HELPING PEOPLE IN VILLAGES EATING WITH THEM, TAKING BATH ON RIVER AND SO ON.
I have a vacation with my family in our beach farm.
My wife and I were able to meet with an old friend of hers that was visiting from another city.
My daughter Haddie Lynn was born in February and this is our third child and I couldn't be happier.
give the wedding ring to my girlfriend
I recently scored a job interview for a professional position that I thought might be out of my league.
My daughter got a good grade on a test and she was so proud of herself.
I got a small raise at work.
My brother in law, his wife and my neice and nephew came to visit from out of Country.
An event that made me happy within the past 3 months was when I received an excellent grade on my midterm after worrying about how hard the material was.
An event that made me happy was the afternoon that my 5 year old son learned to ride his bike without training wheels.
I was working at a jobsite and walked into the sprinkler pump room and laying there on the floor was roughly thirty to fifty dollars in scrap metal
A big moment that had me really happy was when I graduated from college, I was rather ecstatic.
My husband makes coffee every morning and brings it to me - this little, daily event makes me happy.
I started going to the gym.
I received a raise at work the other week, I wasn't told about it so I noticed it when I opened my pay check which took me by surprise.
Going out to a nice dinner with my boyfriend at our favorite restaurant last weekend made me feel happy.
Seeing Sigur Ros play with the LA Philharmonic at the Walt Disney Concert Hall
I finally saved up enough money to buy my own car.
I finally found the woman who mattered most to me in my life, and so I traveled halfway around the world just to find her again.
I was happy when the time change finally went forward, it meant that spring was here and the days were getting longer
Designing my world using an out-of-game tool, for an open-world game I intend to play soon.
Having a Sunday off a couple of weeks ago made me happy because I was able to hang out with my girlfriend and another friend at a few bars and enjoy nice weather.
My wife and I decided to try to conceive.
On Easter Sunday my cousins came to dinner and I was happy because I haven't seen them in a year.
I recently purchased my first home in the town I was raised in.
I found out my nephew was greatly improving his reading comprehension in school.
The hand cart I ordered to help me move heavy objects arrived.
Something that made me happy was talking to my good friend.
An event that made me happy recently is when my sister announced that she was having a baby.
I met friends for lunch outside during a long workday.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months, is when I got promoted to a higher position in my company.
I was promoted at my first job out of college.
I went to lunch with my grandparents at a chinese restaurant
I got a new car.
My daughter smiled
I made over $40 in a day on mturk for the first time.
My church called an additional pastor to target the college and young singles in our area.
I bought a Nintendo Switch
I made some really tasty banana bread.
A book that I wrote made it on to a hot new releases chart on Amazon.
I hit 10lb lost after a month of eating almost nothing but chicken and salad.
My daughter and I went scuba diving the day before Easter on an underwater Easter egg hunt and won a few nice prizes.
My son got three a's on his report card
Watching my son play baseball.
My roommate was very thoughtful and got me a gift for my birthday, even though he couldn't really afford it.
When I received notification that an old trinket from my college days sold on eBay, I was elated to finally be rid of something that was valuable but bringing me down emotionally, and glad to have the money.
My kids medicine and therapy started working
A band came to town that I like and I got to see them with a friend which was cool.
I got more work than I had planned, so I have a little extra money.
I learned about "tulpas," a fascinating mental phenomenon sort of like an imaginary friend.
Completing an insurance claim for the first time in my life.
I visited my parents this weekend.
I bought a kitten
able to go to the gym and rehab my shoulder
I got a kitten.
I went to Chicago and hung out with my older brother
I went on a date with an interesting woman.
When I got off work on friday for spring break.
I found some shelves I'd been looking for.
I completed a 50 mile bike ride that was physically and mentally taxing.
He lets us talk about anything that is on our mind to vent.
I was thrilled when I was invited to go to an event with my Aunt that I had forgotten was coming up.
I went to see Logan, a movie I had been excited to see for months.
I got got to chit chat with a co worker that I haven't talked to in a while
I met my girlfriend's dog
I had a student write to thank me for my work with her in the last semester.
My girlfriend and I got a new cat today.
I managed to buy me a very sturdy and heavy duty work bench that I wanted for a long time.
i got a new car that i had been after.
I took a week off from my job so I could have some personal time for myself.
I labored through the day but got 2 small mowers repaired and serviced, and I did an oil change and intsalled a new battery on my big riding mower.
Watching my children collect Easter eggs brought a smile to my face.
I went for a nice run on the boardwalk.
The trinket that my 93-year-old grandma sent me to sell on ebay made a nice profit.
An event that made me happy was witnessing a veteran co worker being promoted.
Overhearing my 4 year old son doing simple addition after playing an educational game for the previous few days.
I was happy the day I went to pick up my new puppy because I had been planning for him for months and was so excited to finally pick him up.
I had a party with some friends
Meeting the designer of first satellite Aryabhatta it was such a great pleasure to meet him
I was accepted into medical school.
I was happy when I was at church for adoration last Thursday, it was so peaceful.
I went to long trip i am very happy.
My boyfriend brought me coffee in bed.
The day when my husband was offered a new job and we were going to move to a place with much lower cost of living and I learned I was going to be able to stay home with my little girl and now the new baby.
My parents came to visit
I found $20 on the street while on my way to work
I received a "Cheers" award at work, which equates to an extra $250 in my paycheck!
My daughter wanted to come with me to run some errands and we had a good time.
my family members going to cartoon picture.all are enjoyed that moment.
I had a Passover seder with my family.
My brother getting a new job made me happy.
I got a new pair of foster cats, and they are very sweet.
I watched a new season of my favorite TV show that was brought back after a 17 year absence.
Knowing that my cousin is a father and the baby is fine even though there were complications during delivery.
I ate dinner tonight at Burger King
My girlfriend bought her plane ticket to come visit me and she told me by surprising me with a phone call.
Last month my son passed a entrance exam with high marks.
I laid on the couch with my dog snuggled up against me and a fire going.
Spending Easter Sunday with family and friends; we had lots of food and an egg hunt.
Playing a volleyball tournament.
I sent off my brother by giving many surprises like preparing cakes with innovative arts.
When I finally finished making my first video game by myself.
I tilled and sodded my parents front yard.
my happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
I went out to dinner with new friends.
my happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
Went to a movie of my favourite hero
MY DAD PRESENTED ME A NEW SMART PHONE SURPRISINGLY ON MY BIRTHDAY I WAS SO EXITED, I AN'S FORGET TAT DAY IN MY LIFE, THAT WAS MY FIRST SURPRISED GIVEN BY MY DAD
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT EVERYDAY MY MOM SAY BYE TO ME WHEN I GET READY TO GO SOMEWHERE.
This past Saturday my mom and I went to the Yankees game at Yankee Stadium and the Yankees won.
I was discouraged, feeling alone and troubled and I heard my friend's voice on the phone; I was filled with joy just hearing his voice.
I was elected as the representative of a group of young peoples.
I was given a new task at work doing something that I felt was a very good fit for my skills, and also allowed me to learn new things, and I am enjoying the work I'm doing.
All my friends give me surprise party on my birthday party occasion its a happiest event for me.
I have been watching a new TV show called Feud that I found quite enjoyable and yesterday I happened to catch the movie Whatever Happened to Baby Jane that the show is based on.
I got a promotion in my work
I finished an art project.
I had an especially fun time working with one of the kids with autism in our clinic during our gym and playground time.
MY HUSBAND GIFT THE DIAMOND RING PRESENT TO ME
My daughter promoted to 3rd grade with high mark.
Finishing up all my speech classes in my final year in university.
My son told me a few jokes today.
My wife and I got a time to to eat dinner, and no kids.
i got a promotion in my company to my dream place last month
I had sex two days ago.
Last month I got good incentive than I ever expect and that moment make me feel happy.
I received my new phone after the last one was stolen.
I ate a delicious home-cooked meal.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
When my family going to religious temple together
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I had a job interview for a part time job that seemed to go pretty well.
Finally getting some pain medication for my sore gums, teeth and an antibiotic
Sometimes I go to my boyfriend's house to have dinner and watch tv or a movie.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Last month, I received news of a new title promotion and salary that I will be receiving starting in June.
I binge watched the reboot of one of my favorite TV shows which had been off the air for nearly 14 years.
i m really happy this survey is back and is giving me reasonable amount to talk about my feelings .and i'm watching the 100 serial it is made me very happy and im addicted to it.
I got to catch up over dinner with a friend whom I had not seen for a long time.
Got an A on an exam, amazing feeling!
Last week when i was driving my bike, suddenly a cute small bird came and sat on my back and shoulder for few minutes, which made me feel really happy.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I received a good bonus yesterday, for a hit that I worked last week.
I was happy the day I learned that my sister would be moving back to the area and I would get to see her nearly every day.
When I my baby started talking for the first in his like made me so happy that I could never forget that.
a man who was working at the gas station asked me if i was single and when i told him i was, he asked me to be his girlfriend.
my daughter performed a dance in the cultural event conducted by a social group and she performed well got  appreciation from everyone
MY SON GET FIRST RANK IN THE EXAMINATIONS.
When i bought my first guitar about a month ago.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye me when i got  rerady to go somewhere
spending more times with my friends in night and happiness is wandering alone and meet new friends.
I bought a new car
my happiest  moment  everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
Receiving a promotion at work after weeks of it being in limbo.
my boss appreciated my work and congratulated me that time i more enjoyed
I bought TitanFall 2 for the PS4 and tried it out; it's actually a great game.
My car fixed itself and the check engine light turned off all on its own.
An event that made me happy was when my husband told me we are going to Disney this summer.
Won a championship in our conference
My role as a the head of the school was very well appreciated by the parents body,as the kids really associated with me .
The birthday of my older son for me was a very happy moment to see the face In the morning and take you to breakfast your favorite food also we sing the birthday and spent a day of enjoyment with family in a pool site for me and for it was an excellent day and complete recreation and distraction
Making money at my new job.
My little girl ran to me with open arms to give me a hug when she saw me.
The nice weather has started again; last week it was almost 80 degrees!
I have gotten several new clients and a steady stream of good work.
I was told I no longer have to work overtime.
Have sex with my wife.
Spent quality time with my brother.
My mother brought home some things from Florida to give to me.
I made soup for my hubby without using a recipe and it turned out amazing.
I was able to increase the maximum weight I could squat.
I'm starting to feel like I have authority in my position at work.
Got a new set of knives and they are really sharp .
Today is my last day of work before heading off for vacation, I am very happy and excited right now!
I went to the Red Sox game and they won.
I was happy when my daughter won a scholarship.
Working with my student, pushing them to the limit and when they take their test their scores come back with awesome results.
I went on a big food shopping trip.
I ate some meatballs my wife made for me.
I watched a lot of the new Mystery Science Theater 3000 on Netflix and remembered a lot of stuff I'd forgotten.
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to catch up with an old friend on the phone.
I got a new computer built.
When my 10 month old daughter began to crawl
I ordered two paintings as a gift for my mother.
when i received money for my dental work from my parents
I got to spend the weekend alone with my girlfriend.
When I did really well on my performance review and got a decent raise.
My son's fiance got accepted to graduate school in a top notch program.
A woman at work who bullies me constantly finally got reprimanded.
I am so happy to be back home from a trip to see my sister-in-law get married.
When my wife and I attended Wicked the Broadway show.
My dog, Lucy, got a good report back from the veterinarian.
I sold a stock for a modest 10% gain.
Bought a new rain coat that is breathable and seems sturdy against rain and wind.
My friend bought me a cheap 500 dollar car when mine got repoed.
I went out to dinner and had an absolutely amazing italian meal.
I went to the local bar and watched a great pair of singers play for a couple of hours
I am very happy when I got a new job
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was visiting my family in New York after not seeing them in a year.
My daughter found out that she was the one fourth grader from her school who earned a spot in the music memory competition.
When I Found my moms recipe for chili went out to the store to buy the ingredients and when it was finished it tasted like she made it her self.
I was accepted into a Masters program at UW for next year
We got a new car about two weeks ago, it was awesome!
I finally saved enough money to be able to purchase an appliance for my kitchen that I have wanted for a very long time
Last week,  when I met with my friends and played a board game called " alchemist"
My son brought his frist house.
I was contacted by an old professor of mine with the potential of part time work under his small company.
when i saw the progress being made on dad's new house being built
I received a small incentive at my job for notable work that I completed.
I found out that a workshop I had missed was being offered again.
I had a really awesome batch of Mturk hits.
Two days ago I flew home to visit my mom; being at home in a familiar place feels so nice and makes me happy.
I completed my coursework and could relax.
The Pittsburgh Penguins are winning 3-1 in their series and currently 3-0 in game 5.
Laying in bed watching movies all day with my spouse was so heavenly.
I accepted a new job at a natural grocery store
I officially finished the majority of the work for this school year so that I can graduate.
I went to a concert an hour away with a friend and we enjoyed the night together.
I went for a bike ride that was quite long and I managed to complete the whole route without too much difficulty.
I passed two tests to get my certificate to teach ESL.
I got to go to my cousin's wedding.
Last month i went to my friends marriage function and i was very happy to see all of my college friends.
My daughter told me she was going to get married in the next 12 months, I love her to be happy
I met a beautiful girl on nearby swimming pool yesterday and talked for some time.
My boyfriend being offered an amazing job.
Today I made my mom smile
MY CHILDREN BIRTHDAY
My oldest child became more stable emotionally.
My grandson came to meet me last week so I was happy
I got a chance to visit few historical places along with my family members two months ago, it was a nice trip and it was the event that made me happy.
i got job after 4 years, now i am getting good pay
I found out that I can get a game show network with my tv antenna
I bought a new puppy named Buddha and he is a miniature Schnauzer.
I went with my daughter at ultrasound exam where doctors said that she is pregnant with a baby girl.
My friend and I started planning a trip to Europe.
2 months back i purchased another phone.
Another happy experience in my past three months is flying a kite with my son.
My nephew tells his mom how proud and cool I am when I am not around.
One of my best girlfriends got engaged.
I bought a nice black three-piece suit for the first time.
Eating chocolates during lectures , sitting in last benches in class
I ate some ice cream.
My son has spent a lot of time in the hospital, and we recently received news that he should have a good long break before the next flare up of his rare disease.
A C-level executive spoke to my team and then came by to tell me I was doing a good job managing them.
my birthday i was with all my best friends
Winning from the DOTA tournament give such happiness.
I bought a new Laptop.
My mother cooked delicious foods for us it made me happy
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATED WITH MY FRIENDS
I celebrated my birthday.
While walking in the neighborhood, a neighbor's dog came over and I petted it.
Approved for mturk
The day that I got my dream job working with snakes at the zoo filled me with joy.
My cousin's daughter named her doll after me.
when I completed the hike up a mountain in gerogia
My grandson went on a trip to Sweden with his college professor and wrote a blog about his experience that was published in the local newspaper.
Got to see my nephew.
me and wife today went to kappad beach after a long time, that too after sunset , wah it was a wonderful experience
I was very happy when i brought my sedan car for my family.It was a mind blowing experience when i first drove it.
I went to a party at a friend's house for his birthday and had a great time talking with and getting to know his friends.
My husband and I were chatting about something, nothing in particular, when he said he loved me.
I registered my oldest daughter for kindergarten, and she was so excited and looked so grown up.
I became a keyholder at my job
it was my son's birthday and he was very happy!
I got a large bonus on my check from work that was not expected.
Two months ago, I was finally accepted into nursing school.
I taught a class at my former student's martial arts school.
I spent my birthday with my girlfriend and we had a lot of great moments that day.
When my son stayed home to make me happy.
Another event that made me happy over the last three months was I attended my Army friend's bachelor party.
I got the highest grade in my biology class for the semester.
After moving into her house, and bonding with her children, her oldest daughter, who was shy at first, eventually warmed up to me and started requesting hugs from me.
A few days ago I found out that the weather was going to be really nice this upcoming weekend, which made me excited.
Being told "you're exactly who we're looking for" when applying for a part time position.
visiting of my children during vacation
I successfully transferred my business to a new owner.
Helped a nonverbal child say forts word
I talked to my dad and my dog on the phone
I went out to dinner with my friends
I got a promotion and a raise at work that was completely unexpected.
The day i heard that my job is going to be permanent.
My daughters enjoying their lives.
When I found out I got the transfer at work that I wanted, I was thrilled.
The day of my brother marriage we met with many relatives after long time and we have a great get together and bring smile in Every face.So basically all cousin are met and have a great fun.
I was happy to celebrate my child's 2nd birthday.
i was recently able to secure a small but cozy condo that i have had my eye on, my husband and i have moved in and we love the place.
The girl I wanted to date sent me a message me out of the blue.
Spending a really great day with my whole extended family at my dad's house.
I have gone for a walk three days in a row.
Spending a daughter/mommy day with my daughter.
I was happy when my son with dyslexia completed reading a chapter book all by himself.
When I went hiking a month ago on my own, I was happy because it was beautiful outside and I got to enjoy nature and relax while also feeling health and good about my body.
Finishing a story that I had been working on for a while made me happy.
Pride in my daughter's response to a difficult situation at school
I won a certain sum of money and was able to pay some bills.
I received an at home seasonal part time work position grading papers in the education field that I wanted.
I had my birthday and got a lot of cool gifts from friends and family -- including a new xbox.
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I won a sports betting tournament and won $500.
My husband bought me a dozen roses and took me out to a romantic dinner and evening.
I am very happy when i got my first job
At valentines, I got a surprise package delivered from my mom, a box of my favorite pears.
I was able to pay off my credit card debt in less time that I had anticipated.
My favorite football player made a great game and the team won.
In the past two months, my family moved to new apartment where we felt more comfortable for living with good environment around.
I got to take my kids to the zoo.
I tasted a delicious chocolate bar
Buying my girlfriend flowers.
I went outside for a walk
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I had Easter dinner with my parents.
About a month ago a friend i had not seen in years came to town and stayed with me for a weekend.
My husband got a doctor to run an important medical test and now we are hoping he will get help more because before no doctors would listen.
My daughter and her husband moved back from California and now live within an hour's drive from us.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was getting off from work on a Friday evening and being able to enjoy my weekend.
I got bonus from my boss for my work appreciation in last week as a cash payment.
My college student son sent me a text that said "Mom, I Love You."
I performed well on my annual review at work.
I met my best friend after a very long time and spent one full day with her.
When my dog chased after a leaf in the yard and ran into the fence.
I won $50 in an office pool.
I gave birth to my second child, my first son.
Winning a small prize in a local lottery.
When my wedding dress arrived and it was exactly customized on my own desire
I had some time to spend with my son building Legos.
I felt happy when I saw my three year old cleaned her room all by herself without me asking her to clean it.
I have since seen more progression in my skateboarding and I have less pain in my foot.
Moving forward in my relationship, My boyfriend decided that he wanted to move in with me.
A family trip to Canada is being scheduled for the next week and the booking details are confirmed.
I felt happy when I received a raise at work last month.
My parents gifted me a large amount of money that will enable me to reach personal goals more quickly.
My best friend will be coming to visit me from out of town this week.
Two months and five days ago, a fellow author notified me that I'd made the list of the Top 200 Most Influential Authors 2017--I was listed as number 98!
I ate a delicious chocolate cupcake.
I got to go to lunch with one of my favorite people.
I stayed over at a friend's place who I had not seen in over 4 months and stayed up all night talking, laughing, listening to old school music.
I successfully landed a big job for a new customer at work.
My friend bought me a game unexpectedly because I had really been wanting it
I went to the aquarium with my family and we had a fabulous time.
My friend gave me free tickets to a music festival for a weekend and they ended up being VIP tickets so we go to be treated like VIPs, for free.
another important moment of happiness was to see my family reunited for my mother's 85th birthday
My supervisor told me that I did a great job on my very first work project.
I reached a long term weight loss goal.
In March I had a neurological examination for the first time in many years; everyone, from the staff to the doctor was respectful, and from the discussions and resulting exam, I gained new, useful insight into my condition.
I was playing outside with my 2 year old son, I showed him how to hit a ball off of a tee and he picked it up immediately.
An event that made me happy was having an extremely productive Board meeting, where all members stood up for something that was right.
My fiance asked me to marry him last month while we were on vacation.
Seeing a very good movie having gone into it without very high expectations.
When I got to see my old friend Rebecca after not seeing her for 4 months.
My husband took me out for a surprise date night at my favorite restaurant.
Going to the lake and jet-skiing with my girlfriend as our dogs ran around on the beach playing.
I caught up on my favorite shows
I went paddleboarding in a beautiful cove.
I received a coupon in the mail for a free pizza from a new restaurant that opened in my neighborhood.
I drove an elderly lady who recently had a stroke to her ladies bible study
The fact that my pug is still alive makes me very happy - she couldn't walk a month ago, and I took her to the vet for meds and she walks again.
I went out to eat at a restaurant, which is a rare treat for me.
I successfully cooked some bacon on the cast iron skillet without burning it to a crisp.
The Dallas Mavericks won the last game of their season.
I ate a large amount of ice cream.
Being with my significant other in a different, far away place.
An event that made me happy in the past three months involved me getting the repairs done that I needed on my car.
Got to Skype with my oldest daughter on Easter Sunday from the dinner table and she got to talk to all the family and feel like she was there.
Making money on surveys and hanging with friends
Watched my son play lacrosse and truck one of the other players.
starting exercising and lost 20 pounds
My favorite team won the game.
I sat on the beach with my husband for a whole afternoon and watch the people there and swam.
Happy that ronnie took me out for pizza
I bought a new phone and upgraded from my current one.
Seeing the smile on my parents' faces when my son and I made them presents for their 30th anniversary was very pleasing.
I got a promotion at work.
I went out to lunch with my mother.
I took my girlfriend out to a nice restaurant in the city for a date.
Starting a job as a firefighter.
It made me very happy to get a job from home that generates good income.
The other day when my 4 yr old daughter looked at me and said 'I love you daddy.'
I spent 5 days with my in-laws, so I could take some rest from my 3year old daughter.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I got a phone interview with a recruiter in order to get a job lined up for graduation
I received a raise at work.
I found new tenants to move into a rental property that my family owns.
I was happy when I had an really good conversation with my aunt and grandmother whom I was visiting in the hospital.
My dog healed from whatever was bothering her.
My brother had another baby with his wife, so now I have 2 nieces!
Playing hokey with my friend and staing in and drinking and playing video games.
I bought a puppy.
I bought a new laptop.
I saw a puppy and its owner let me pet it.
Last weekend I decided to wash my bike and I enjoyed this because it is a simple activity that I like to do.
I was happy that I got a good deal on my oven when I bought it last week.
I did my Bible study this morning.
I received a raise.
I got a new video game system and that made me very happy.
The first nice weather day I took my Jeep out and was able to drive around with the roof and doors off.
My sister and I made up, we were talking for a couple of weeks
I got a good grade on a test.
Two weeks ago, my boss informed me that I was getting a bonus because of my recent, high performance appraisal.
I fixed some problems my mom had on her computer and she was relieved.
I bought a new smartphone
My son has been spending more time with me than the past 3 years.
My daughter was named managing editor of a newspaper.
I felt happy when i spoke with my friend after a very long time over the phone.
I got a leash for the cat and took her on a walk.
My mom, sister and I went shopping and out to lunch.
I took my girlfriend to see the new Power Rangers movie, which I had not expected to be good, but it surpassed both our expectations.
In early April I decided to fly to Honolulu with my Family from the Big Island of Hawaii and really enjoyed the short vacation.
I got a new car.
My friend told me how much she appreciated our friendship.
I went metal detecting with my son and we found a nice silver ring which is very rare.
I ordered some items online for myself that I've been thinking about getting.
I got a promotion at work.
Getting a long weekend leave on easter after a hectic period of working weeks.
The whole family got together for Easter and played games, had a great meal and laughed a lot.
My grandmother got out of the hospital.
I enjoyed play monopoly with my Family
I saved up enough money to buy a newer car then the one I have had for a long time.
I went on a fun walk with my best friend
My Best friends Birthday
MY UNCLE IS WORKING ABROAD WHEN HE IS HERE ITS THE QUALITY TIME THAT ARE PRECIOUS TO ME
My close friends got married and had a beautiful wedding.
Buying a new fragrance two days ago that smells like cedar and incense.
I went to dinner with a college friend and his wife who live in Baltimore but were in town for his mother's funeral, and we had the best conversation while enjoying delicious food.
I got a much needed job after being out of work for 7 months.
I won  some money from playing the lottery.
I saw Mayhem and Inquisition in concert and rocked out really hard.
I met with my school freind after 7 years.
I have been hired to two separate well paying jobs and will soon be able to potentially purchase my own home.
I spent the morning doing whatever work I wanted, writing.
today I found a 5 dollar bill on the ground at the grocery store.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
The day I went to Yoga and Meditation for the relief of stress and mind tension.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I listened to the latest episode of 2 Dope Queens (a podcast.)
My uncle was ill and got treated in hospital and now he is healthy and we party together
I made fish tacos following a reciepe that I found online and it turned out great.
i m really happy this survey is back and is giving me reasonable amount to talk about my feelings .and i'm watching the 100 serial it is made me very happy and im addicted to it.
Arranged a party for my family at 3 star hotel
One of my dogs did something funny while chasing lizards in the backyard.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
The day with my pet
our social group conducted a awareness program about yoga and the need of exercise meditation and the program went well got a chance to perform a program in another place
I was happy when I chatted with a colleague at work over tea and biscuits.
on my child birthday we went to orphanage to celebrate her birthday.there we distributed lunch and books to children and they felt very happy.seeing this i felt very happy.
I catered a wedding for 100 people and the bride and groom were pleased, plus I got to see a number of my friends and also employ friends for the event.
and went to my mother's temple where she usually make a pray for us.
Today my son kissed me in the early morning saying Good Morning to me  which made me feel very happy
my brother gave me a gift that time i enjoyed more
My brother graduated from college with honor
I discovered my love for cappuccinos which is rare for me because I have been drinking black coffee for at least a decade but I tried one at a local shop and the steam and milk floored me.
I watched Moana with my family.
3) Going out for a jog with my dog in the morning yesterday, when we get home she is the epitome of happiness and it makes me feel the same to see her so happy.
Watching a feminist get trolled.
MY WIFE AND I WENT ON A WEEKEND GETAWAY TO THE BEACH.
I went to see a new movie I wanted to see and really enjoyed it.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
Going back to school.
I get to be alone for awhile with no wife and no little kids.
During my birthday,My friends came to my house for celebrating birthday party to me.They came with cake and gifts.
I was happy about one of my favorite restaurant giving away a free menu item.
I went to god venkatesha temple .
I earned enough money on Mturk to treat my husband and I to a brand new kind sized bed and frame.
My fiance won tickets to a concert and even though I had to travel on a weeknight for it we had a lot of fun and stayed with friends.
I made a new meal for dinner last night and it turned out really good.
What made me happy in the last 3 months was I got engaged to be married.
I made it to work on time consistently.
When I finished my project for a class I was very happy to be done and proud of my work.
I think I will be able to get a new job when we move.
One of my coworkers brought homemade donuts for the staff today and they're delicious.
I won the first prize in a badminton tournament.
Bonus contribution to 401k.
the weather was nice enough to open all the windows in my house for the first time this year.
I made a new recipe for breakfast and it was amazing.
I saw a Lego exhibit at the local botanical garden and it was amazing to see art created by a classic children's toy.
My nieces are at a silly age and made me laugh on Easter.
I, took the day off from work, just to lounge around the house, and do nothing.
Went on a road trip with my wife around South Texas.
A new season for my favorite show that got canceled three years ago got announced.
My wife and I celebrated our anniversary, and we had a great weekend getting out of town and spending some time together.
My husband took the day off from work on my birthday, and we did fun things all day to celebrate.
I convinced myself to exercise even though I wasn't in the mood.
I was able to pay off my bills that I was holding onto for months using the money I had made from the job I was finally able to get.
I got good feedback from my boss on a project I am working on.
The weather has been good so I was able to get out into the arboretum in town and go on some long walks in the fresh air.
I was able to find some work to do from home so I can help contribute financially.
I was happy to go to a super fancy restaurant for a wedding reception.
My best friend got time off of work, and is flying out to come stay with me for a weekend to be my date to a wedding I was stressing out about attending alone.
I started an exercise program to help me feel better, and increase my chances of living longer.
I kissed my ex girlfriend.
I recently got a new cat.
A friend and I going out for drinks for the first time in a decade.
I received an "A" in my Introductory Screenwriting course here at the University of Chicago.
We got a new family dog that we wanted for a long time
I got a great gift from my wife for valentines day that put me in a great mood.
A Lilac bush I planted from shoots under an older Lilac bush five-years ago finally bloomed this spring for the first time!
An event that made me happy was making a successful batch of kimchi and learning how to ferment other foods.
I discovered a new flavor of Ben & Jerry's ice cream that I like.
Went out with friends for a 21st birthday run and had a wonderful time dancing at a local club.
Having dinner Sunday night with my husband and grown children.
My wife's mother got a promotion and is now the principal at the school she works at.
Another event that made me happy was my son using the potty.
I just got my first car two months ago and I love it.
I found out that I will be going to Sicily in order to work remotely from there for 6 months later on this year.
Found out my girlfriend is going to spend a month in California learning and perfecting her trade.
starting to date again.Lets see what life has in store for me.
My daughter made the track team.
When my daughter told me I'm her best friend.
I was told that I will be able to work at the Blink 182 concert this weekend
I received a bonus at work that was much more than I thought it would be.
I bought a box of cookies at the supermarket so every day I can enjoy one cookie while drinking coffee in the morning.
I was given an amazing opportunity to speak to a group of girl scouts about stress, and did some major connecting with people who work in my future job field.
My parents bought a house and moved to my city.
I got a new part time job that doesn't pay too shabbily
I spent all Saturday shopping with my daughter.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
i got job after 4 years, now i am getting good pay
My family got a new puppy.
Yesterday I drew a Mewtoo EX card in Pokemon Trading Card Game Online.
I got a promotion at work.
I received an award for sales performance at work.
I earned $500 in one day playing poker at a casino.
My husband got a raise at his job.
Loosing 10 pounds
Another event from the past three months that has contributed to my happiness is breaking personal records running.
My boyfriend got me some bath bombs I'd been looking at at a store in the mall.
I set a new personal record for my bench press.
I was able to find a job.
I danced to some happy music.
My kids did well in a state exam.
I got a good grade on my school project today
My wife took me out for breakfast this morning.
The executives of the company I work for visited our site to compliment me and my team for our excellent performance.
While commuting home from work on the bicycle made a spontaneous decision to take a detour then a couple more and ended up riding a route nearly three times longer.
My puppy learned to sit, stay, lay down, speak and shake.
I taught my neighbor how to change a flat tire.
A design agency I'd been wanting to work for posted a job opening on Linkedin.
Winning all three games of a big sports weekend
I met a Very Special Lady that I am still dating.
I was recognized at work for doing a good job training a new hire.
One of my favorite movies was on TV after a long day of work, so I sat down with a delicious dinner and enjoyed it.
The day that I won tickets to see my favorite band perform live was awesome!
The day I traveled to the country to meet my uncle for the first time.
I felt happy when I got back into contact with my aunt after 4 years
Finding out I had spent less money that I had previously thought on groceries this month
I had not seen my sister for quite a while and I got to have lunch with her.
I had a ridiculous, goofy exchange with three close friends via group text.
got my first client for my web design business.
I found a piece of furniture on sale that I have wanted for a long time, so I bought it.
Last week when I saw my brother for the first time in over 7 years I missed him so much.
I found free ice cream at work this  past week.
My boyfriend brought me home my favorite dessert for no reason.
I finally reached my summer goal weight and look forward to a summer of looking fit.
I got promoted at work
Because of my winnings today, I was able to fill my gas tank in my car, which hasn't happened in months.
I worked hard on a project and I got a good grade on it as well as excellent and positive feedback.
The day i saw my baby started rolling on the bed for the first time and her cry when she could not take her hand
My dog made a difficult catch of a frisbee.
My entire family was able to join us to celebrate my fathers birthday.
The day I purchased my first PS4 console and new games.
I had a problem with an order I placed online, so I e-mailed customer support and they gave me a $10 credit to apply to my next order.
our local festival called ugadi us the best in my life.
Sitting down to eat a nutritious meal with my happy children.
I watched Coachella online
Watching the live webcam of the ocean from the hotel I stay at and knowing that I will be there in two months made me extremely happy.
A customer giving me a valentines day gift
I found out that my favorite musician, Juliana Hatfield, is putting out a new album.
I received a hand-written letter from my 10 year old grandson that was so sweet.
When I was hired at my new job.
Another event that made me happy was celebrating my own birthday.
Going to see Beauty and the Beast with two of my best friends made me happy.
Another event that made me happy was the day I purchased a new keyboard to create music.
Taking my children on a plane for the first time, to visit their grandma.
My niece, now a young mom and wife, was a difficult teenager, to say the least, and recently I spent time with her and saw how much she has grown up as I watched her deal with one of her children making a similar bad decision that she made years ago....with grace and firmness, and tearful empathy.
I won 2 rounds of a game called quiplash.
A favorite TV show of mine showed a preview, and in the preview one of my favorite couples looks like they have a kiss coming up in a future episode.
I went out with my husband to a fancy restaurant.
Sitting on the floor with my dog, playing with his toys and petting and cuddling with him after he got home from the hospital when his legs were hurt.
I had a large school project approved.
My uncle whi is my unwanted house guest with no intentions of moving stayed out for  2 days .
An event that made me happy was when I actually got a resume completed and made after not working for eighteen years.
I am very happy when i got my first iphone with my own salary
Three children I know who have been going through significant loss had a good time at a birthday party.
My nephew started saying my name for the first time.
I spent time with new friends.
I separated from my husband not too long back and all my friends and family have rallied around me to support me both financially and emotionally.
My favorite football team has managed to qualify for the final rounds of the most important tournament in Europe
I created a post for my work on social media a few weeks ago and it did extremely well, I got a lot of compliments from my boss.
I went to go see the Logan Movie with my husband for a date night and it was fun.
The day we celebrated my daughters tenth birthday.
I started to play final fantasy 15, it's  exactly what I imagined.
I had a really good dinner out with a friend.
When a really good friend of mine came back to my home town just so he can celebrate his birthday with me.
A new client gave me great feedback after only working with them for a short time period.
I went to a NFL game with my best friend.
My ex-husband just  bought a house.
I would say when my wife and I held a small get together of friends we hadn't seen in a while for games and food.
I completed a new art collaboration with a friend of mine.
My son gave me a huge kiss before getting on the bus and told me he would tell me all about his day when he gets home.
I went to the movies with my parents and saw a funny movie
Hearing about my nephew's success.
Last week, I went to a restaurant with my friend and we had a good meal.
I was very happy when Kent has picked most of the furniture for his house based upon my suggestions.
My son learned to wave.
I finally got a response from a modeling agency I'd been sending material two for the past couple of years.
Having dinner with a friend a hadn't seen in several months.
I took my dog to this beach front park near me, as it was the first time we went because I'd just moved and it was so fun and gorgeous out.
I signed a book contract.
I purchased my own vehicle.
It made me happy to be able to afford some Costco stock today.
My fiancee took me to Charlotte for his sons wedding is another event that made me happy in the past 3 months.
My mom took my sons to the carnival for the first time and the boys had an amazing time riding on the rides.
I was at McDonald's drive thru and the car in front of me paid for my lunch with out me knowing who the person was.
My daughter got engaged to a wonderful young man that truly loves her a few weeks ago.
I was happy when I was playing with our dog Lucy and when I was showing her love and affection.
It made me happy to be recognized for my work
when i got a gift
It was my 30th birthday and I slept the before night and when i woke up on the birthday morning I found my parents travelled from my native to my place and my husband and my kid arranged for a surprise birthday party.I was really moved by my family's affection and love they have on me, which made me really happy, proud and very protected.
My son started lacrosse and it is so great to see him doing something he loves.
I received word that there might be a new job available to me in the near future at my current place of employment that would have more benefits for my life.
I was feeling very upset having to spend the whole weekend with my stepfather whom is very negative all the time and I hate, when my husband took a few minutes letting me ignore the burden and read me a kids story book.
I went to my favorite park, Delt Church Park, and took a hike this week.
I recently was able to save enough money to buy a cosmetic product I've been wanting for a long time.
After years of prayer, a friend's son left a dangerous life and came back to his family and his church.
This morning I was able to create a delicious and even very nutrient dense nacho recipe for my breakfast by making some easy and practical substitutions which broke up the monotony of my usual super green smoothie I have and also felt like I was getting away with cheating on my fitness goals.
I got an "A" on my Italian exam last month!
In the past 3 months, an event that made me happy was enjoying a good dinner at my favorite restaurant.
Going to the Botanic Garden to see the cherry blossoms in bloom.
My five year anniversary to my husband made me happy because we are still going strong after all these years.
My coworkers bought me breakfast for my birthday.
I got to play with my little niece who came to visit from California.
I made a village in a game I play and other people started joining it
I went on a walk with my boyfriend when he's been away for 5 days.
I was happy when I ate a big cookie from a local bakery.
Talking to my sister who I have not talked to in months.
I was ecstatic when I finally got my hands on one of the new Project Red iPad Pros.
I had delicious pizza from pizza hut.
My partner was approved for a 20 day vacation.
Yet another event that put a smile on my face was the neighborhood basketball game that took place last weekend.
I listened to one of my father's funny anecdotes about his youth.
One of my students found out that he was passing my class after we had worked together to bring his grade up.
I got a promotion at work.
I finally beat Dark Souls 3!
Drove to another state with my friends and climbed two mountains in the same day.
I was able to spend the whole weekend with my little niece.
The day (April 19th) when I was able to go into town [ 60 miles away ] and buy food supplies.
my wife surprised me by her visit without informing that to me.
I received payment for a $40 survey that I completed.
I ate a candy bar.
going to see the cherry blossoms over in Brooklyn with my wife and daughter.
The sephora vib sale came through.
Visiting with an old friend I have not seen in a while.
I bought a new car
Two days ago my brother helped me install solar film on all of the windows of my home, the culmination of many weeks of planning.
I went to my friends birthday party last weekend and saw a lot of my friends from when I was in college.
I started a new job that I really enjoy.
I graduated from University and this of course made me extremely happy.
I got Master in league of legends and it was the first time I did so, this made me extremely happy as it opened a lot of doors for me online and it also was a goal that came to fruition after a lot of work.
I spent the day playing arcade games with my boyfriend and daughter.
It made me happy when my son received an award at school for his science project because he had worked very hard on it.
I took a trip to Miami to visit a good friend.
I was able to workout and lose 20 pounds
My girlfriend moved in with me after a long road trip
My husband made me a gate I asked him to make me months ago!
I got Bullet bike last month and that made me happy and I got the same color I wish to buy.
My husband brought me an nice necklace for my birthday and took me out for an date.
My wife and I were able to purchase a camper to enjoy many years of family fun.
I got a new job offer.
Last night, I made a delicious acai bowl from scratch.
I adopted a new puppy about 6 weeks ago.
My wife was able to get a new adviser for her dissertation after having to deal with an awful one for over a year.
I celebrated my birthday with family and friends at a small informal dinner.
I graduated with my masters degree and participated in the graduation ceremony.
I got a long awaited promotion in the last month from Assistant Manager to Manager.
I started talking to my best friend again after 5 months of not speaking.
My brother, with whom I live with, went on a 2 week trip.
I finished reading the beautiful new book, Book of Mutter, by one of my favorite new writers Kate Zambreno.
I got to dogsit for my friend, and the dog is always so playful and enthusiastic that it's a treat to spend time with her.
I just finished my first semester back to college yesterday!
I completed a job application that I'd put off for weeks despite really wanting the job.
I went to Disneyworld with my family and had a fantastic time.
My husband and I won $2000 on a lottery ticket and were able to buy some nice items for the house that we've had on our wishlist for many months (lamps, air conditioner and crockery).
I went on a trip to Marin Country and stayed at a nice Air Bnb'B.
I was at a music festival dancing with my friends.
I Got a new car.
Getting a puppy.
My boyfriend and I went on vacation together for the first time.
My son got married!
I placed 2nd in a local Magic: The Gathering tournament and won a small prize.
When I decided to quit smoking.
I weighed myself this morning and saw that I lost 3 pounds from last week
I landed an excellent summer teaching opportunity, so I am looking forward to the months ahead.
Last month, my parents came to visit and stayed for two weeks.
I went to the hospital to pick my father up after surgery.
Getting another rescue dog from a bad situation
I transferred buildings within my job.
I got to go to a concert I really wanted to see about a month ago.
I cooked a homemade italian skillet for my friends and family last night.
I brought my beautiful daughter to a dance.
I won a small programming challenge hosted online.
My brother's wedding was 2 months ago.
I finally had a chance to bring my dog to a new dog beach where she played the entire day with other dogs.
Last week I bought a bike online and put it together all by myself for the first time giving me a sense of accomplishment every time I ride it.
Seeing my best friend, his wife, and his newborn in another state.
We were planning on going through with a new job and just the thought having more money made me and my spouse happy.
I got a good review at work and it resulted in me getting a raise.
I talked to an old friend.
I stood on the scale and noticed that I've lost 5 pounds since starting a new workout regiment.
I felt extremely happy once I found a local church that has a great pastor and friendly members with similar beliefs to mine.
I bought a house with my girlfriend.
Last Friday, I drank, ate pizza, and played Doom with a friend.
I spent the day at my sister's house with 2 of my sisters and my daughter
A co-worker gave me a compliment on my physical appearance.
When I found out my girlfriend is transferring to the college I am going to currently and we will be living together.
I went to a concert that I've been looking forward to since February, and had a great time!
I got a merit raise last week and that made me happy because my worth is being recognized.
I beat my personal record for most steps taken in a single day
My son caressed my face and told me he loved me.
My youngest son snuggled into me as we both woke up together in my bed.
I got to visit California
I spent time writing notes of gratitude to people in my life who had done nice things.
I got accepted into a great physical therapy graduate program.
I watched my favorite basketball team beat the Warriors.
A big event that made me happy was my fiance coming home from working out of state for over 3 months.
I was happy when I returned back to my university from winter break so that I could see my friends again.
I was happy when I found out I was accepted into a study that I had applied for.
As an avid watcher of sports, Russell Westbrook's triple double record was an exciting time for anyone that follows NBA level basketball.
My friend got me a custom back to the future print.
I got to catch up with one of my cousins that I had not seen in a long time, and we laughed and joked like we did when we were kids.
After long winter, summer comes, days become very long, the weather is warm and nice.
My son was born on February 17, 2017.
My daughter won an essay contest on American patriotism and she was given scholarship money for college.
Riding on the bus all the way to corpus Christi to see my boyfriend
Two weekends ago I attended Coachella and saw my favorite band play live.
I went out on a date with my girlfriend and spent about 8 hours with her.
I am very Happy feel at Last 10 Days Back Because Of I am Selected at Army Department so am very happy,This is my Career Goal I reach that ambition so happy .
I went to a friend's wedding.
I had a good evaluation at work and received a raise.
I bought a new grill and was able to use it over the past weekend and made some really good food with it.
I listened to a song that I'd heard many times, but never really paid attention to the lyrics before and I realized I really liked the song.
I went to Bahubali movie for first day first show, I have been waiting for this movie for past 2 years.
I purchased a new laptop brand is Dell.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months is leaving my job for a different one because even though I took a smaller salary, I have time to experience life and see the people I care about as opposed to never being around and missing life as it went on.
I was accepted into a doctoral program in clinical psychology.
I had sex with my wife
Reading The Passion Test completely in less than a week.
Two days ago I was offered a job that I had really hoped that I would get.
Going out to dinner with my family for my birthday to celebrate together.
I was able to increase my running stamina and get up to seven miles in a day.
I felt happy when I watched my husband read to my son.
I went away with my family for a short vacation to Hershey Park, Pa.
My father gifted me a diamond ring which I wanted since long
I bought a new camper trailer last week.
I went on a trip to Goa with my friends and had a great time there.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I gave birth to a beautiful, healthy baby girl 2 months ago which made me indescribably happy.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I was able to listen to my baby's heartbeat on and ultrasound for the first time.
My son was born in 25th February 2017 at the moment is very happy.
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
APRIL 3 MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY
I moved out of my parents house
Seeing my wife again after months of seperation in February.
LAST WEEK DURING MY BIRTHDAY MY PARTNER PRESENTED ME A DIAMOND RING SURPRISINGLY.I FELT VERY HAPPY .
I hit my new monthly Mturk earning goal, for April.
WE CELEBRATED MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY.
LAST MONTH MY DAUGHTER FIRST MARK IN THE CLASS AND I WAS VERY HAPPY AND I PRESENTED HER WITH A TEDDY BEAR AND SHE WAS ALSO VERY HAPPY BECAUSE I HAD PROMISED HER IF SHE GOT FIRST MARK IN THE CLASS I WILL GET HER TEDDY BEAR.
Applied for graduation for my associates.
Going to a driving school.
I have got married in this year.after my marriage, I've have celebrated my wife birthday and also mine which will come in the same month.Iam very happy that we have celebrated in a good manner.
I finished a project I had been working on for 5 months.
YESTERDAY I SAW BAHUBALI 2 THE CONCLUSION MOVIE  WITH MY FRIENDS
I was happy when I took my dog to the Vet and they were able to help him get better because I really thought the little guy might be a goner he could not even raise up his head.
I WENT SHOPPING.
We stared planning our wedding.
I met my girlfriend two and a half months ago.
it was my birthday which i enjoyed a lot and it was surprised party.
I came home to my parents
Finding out I can transfer locations for my job.
My manager informed me that I got a raise.
I got vacation to bogor
I lost weight and feeling very light in my body ,usually i feel a heavy burden that I am carrying
We had a volunteer appreciation dinner for an organization I volunteer with and I was given an award
A project that into which I had put a lot of time and effort and whose outcome was doubtful actually concluded in a surprising win for me and my team.
When my infant started belly laughing at her toddler brother I was filled with happiness.
On March 1st, I found out that I got into Graduate school after 9 months of stress.
I was happy when I was accepted into an academic honor society.
Seeing how happy my son was when I was picking him up from daycare.
I have received my clearance and qualified for master's degree graduation.
When I asked a Judge I work with to write me a letter of recommendation and he agreed to do so.
Finally getting a large contract for online blog writing, something that I've been waiting for since I started my new writing career.
Sitting down at the dinner table to a delicious meal and free flowing conversation with all of my children and my husband.
An event that made me happy in the past three months was my family vacation to Burlington, VT, we went to visit the sister of my wife, and this was the first time that my daughters met their cousins.
I bought my first house in mid-March, negotiating the terms of the purchase directly with the owner without real estate agents.
Spring break from school made me happy.
I GOT MY NEW BIKE THAT MADE ME VERY HAPPY.
When we had an extended family gathering after a long time.
This past month I have rekindled multiple old friendships which I had feared would fade with me moving out of state, but I was able to reunite with my closest comrades.
I went camping, swimming in the spring, and cooked my food over a fire.
I won $50 on a game of Keno while at a restaurant with some friends.
I was interviewed for a job.
My cousin had a gender reveal party, and we found out she will be having a girl.
My friend sent me flowers on a random day, because he knew I've been struggling with a personal issue the past few weeks.
A pretty girl smiled at me on the bus
Going on a vacation trip to Iceland.
Pregnancy of my daughter was confirmed and she will have a baby in the month of November.
Getting together with friends for the first time in a while.
i buy a new home
My son and daughter n law made dinner for my husband and I on our wedding anniversary.
My husband surprised me with ice cream on my birthday.
Going to the beach with my husband and kids last month made me really happy.
My son's birthday because I was able to reflect upon all that he has overcome.
My happy moment was when I picked my son up from daycare and he ran into my arms.
I aced a really hard test.
An event that made me happy was when I got a raise at work.
I started planning a wedding with my fiance.
I was able to buy some very popular shoes for a friend.
My adult son from another state, who I haven't seen in a long time, came to Seattle for his birthday in April and I was able to spend the entire day with him.
being elected leader of a glbt non profit
The commander of our police station gave me a "challenge coin" for my extra work at the police department.
Playing a marathon game of Civilization 6
I received a raise at work.
My girlfriend threw me a birthday party and it was really fun.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I was happy today when I got to the bank and no one was in line so I got to be seen immediately.
I got pregnant!
My best friend and I went to a Detroit Tigers game.
My husband sent me a love note in my car.
My mother in law got a cash offer on a piece of property that she was selling, which will help make her life a little easier now.
Getting married to my wife.
My birthday was back in march and I loved hanging out with my friends!
I was able to give a gift to my friend for his birthday.
Recently, I was promoted at my job and it was truly a long time coming.
Keeping physically fit by running and lifting weights keeps me very happy and active.
I made the decision to spend at least a year travelling in Europe, as son as I can afford it.
I got a book on eBay that I had been looking for quite some time.
i adopted another cat.
I saw my parents for the first time in a year.
I buy a fire TV and installed Kodi on it.
Arrival of my brother after a long time.
when we traded our small car in for a van
Yesterday, I went with my brother to pick out his new puppy.
I played with my cat
Went on a small day trip to a few places I wanted to visit in my state.
I signed up for Swagbucks and through their offers I made $42.
My cousin, who I have been tutoring, made the honor roll.
Going out to the bar for some drinks with friends.
I bought a new house with my fiancee!
My mom came to surprise me on my lunch break at work
I visited my aunt who live in New York City, I stayed for several days and we went sightseeing.
A time when I volunteered to work with others to help people stuck in a flood- offering them shelter, food and other service.
I watched Doctor Strange.
A video game I had been looking forward to, Outlast 2, came out.
I was able to see my best friend for the first time in 2 years because she was in Australia.
When my son went potty on the potty for the first time.
I bought a game that i was waiting a couple of years for, that was almost a month ago and i'm still playing it the game is awesome and I'm so happy that it was even better than expected.
I watched the sunset.
My elderly neighbors had a leaky roof and I was able to help them fix it.
I had lunch with my mother, and my sister and nieces who I rarely see came as a surprise, too.
I got an unexpected bonus in my check.
I started consistently exercising which has made me feel better physically and mentally.
I booked my wedding venue and it was the one I was hoping for.
I watched Bee Movie and realized that it was a really funny movie.
I went out to dinner at a sushi restaurant with a group of friends.
I received my Nintendo Switch back from Nintendo repair shop.
I tried a new Chinese place yesterday, just for something different.
I was offered a full time position for my first job out of college.
Found a pair of headphones right before I was about to purchase new ones.
My grand daughter took her first steps and those steps were directed toward me.
I got to witness my cat giving birth to her five kittens.
I got to see a good friend that I haven't seen in a while ever since we moved to different states.
I woke up in the middle of the night to find my cat sleeping on my stomach.
I was playing a video game (rocket league) and won a match in over time when I scored a goal.
Two days ago I went to a chicken place I saw on the New Yorker website and had really good fried chicken.
I saw my best friend from college.
I had fun playing sand castles with my son
My wife and I enjoyed a nice getaway to a bed and breakfast to celebrate her birthday in April.
I saw my first baseball games
I received an unexpected discount on my car car insurance.
I got to get down to the beach and run on the beach for the first time of the season.
I watched the first episode of American Gods which is a new television show based on one of my favorite books.
I got a raise at work a few weeks ago.
I was at a outdoors concert on Saturday and the whole event was relaxing and excited and just overall amazing.
My boyfriend said very nice and encouraging things to me when I felt down the other day.
I watched spider man 2 and ate little caesar's pizza in a private theater with my partner.
I am almost done with school this semester.
We went driving around and exploring other cities.
I got a job working from home
I had fun on a trip to Las Vegas.
My dog had a surgery and now feels much better.
My son joined the baseball team
I learned that I will be graduating next year.
My best friend announced that he and his wife are having a baby.
I found some great items at a yard sale.
My puppy is finally learning to walk along with me on a leash.
I was able to get together with all my good friends at a festival.
This weekend a friend of mine got married and I enjoyed myself at the reception.
My girlfriend helped me clean the kitchen, a task I normally complete myself.
I started applying for new jobs and that made me excited and happy.
I cooked a fantastic Greek chicken dinner with a friend.
I stepped on the scale and discover I had lost 3 pounds.
I saved enough for my hotel room for my trip that's happening this month.
When the boston celtics beat the bulls in round 1 of the nba playoffs
Going on vacation with my family
I went to the movies on Saturday to see Ghost in the shell.
I was able to handle a large workload at my place of employment.
My nephew decided to go to college.
My fiance and I finished planning our wedding early.
I cooked a meal at home that was delicious and everyone enjoyed it.
I was able to run a 7:30 mile for three miles after not running as frequently as I felt I should have been.
I completed a really difficult workout that I wasn't sure I could even do.
Booked flights yesterday to see our friends who moved away 6 months ago.
Our old dog got sick and we thought he might be dying, but he got better and it turned out to be a bacterial infection.
Attending a wine festival with several of my friends.
Completed a new fitness goal.
My friend went to visit me from Oregon, we were able to get dinner on saturday in long beach at my favorite restaurant.
My wife planned supper for tonight and I liked her idea a lot.
Playing slide guitar and finally getting the hang of it.
I went to the concert of my favorite band
I visited my friends in Dallas.
Another event that made me happy was going to the movies on my birthday.
I am Successfully Completed My M tech Study in Last Month that time my family feel very happy in that moment,My father feel very Proud my son was completed M tech Study.
My cousin had his first child.
I spend my whole day with my gf
Getting to know a new girlfriend
Went to the gym and worked out.
When I saw my parents for first time after 2 years without seeing them.
I lost a few pounds by not eating as much.
I successfully trained my old dog a new trick.
I found out that I will be an uncle!
I got to sleep in this weekend for the first time in a long time.
We have had 4 inches of rain over the past weekend and the basement didn't flood as usual.
my gf bought me a pack of cigs
reading the new john grisham book
I received a reimbursement for hotel and rental car for a travel delay.
Two months before i went to Dog Training Program and i was learned how to control my puppy and i was very happy that my puppy was obeying my instructions.
I was happy when my husband took me on a weekend getaway.
My son-in-law's birthday was in March and we celebrated it with a pizza party and cake.
An event that made me happy was when I won twenty dollars on a scratch off ticket that I only spent two dollars on.
I went on a trip to Miami, Florida and visited the beach.
Last Friday my boss sent me an email praising me for my work on a project.
I helped someone pass their calculus class.
My grandmother came to visit me and we talked a lot.
My daughter said daddy for the first time a month ago.
Reading a new book that had just been released by one of my favorite authors, which I had been waiting on for six months in anticipation of reading.
I bought tickets to a festival in September with a lot of bands I'm excited to see and I'll get to spend time alone with my husband without the kids.
I was joyful when I went to Mass on Easter Sunday and celebrated the resurrection of our Lord.
My son got 1st rank in his class.
I got a promotion at work.
I was happy when I reconnected with my first boyfriend.
I went to to watch a movie with my girlfriend yesterday.
I cooked rice and curry and it tasted awesome.
I went on vacation to Florida with my family for a week.
I visited my brother who lives in a different state.
I won 30point against Cleveland home and I was mvp of the match
when me and my girlfriend went to disney
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I watched a physics lecture by Lawrence Krauss.
My family and I were able to plan a vacation together for the summer.
My son was born in 25th February 2017 at the moment is very happy.
I went for PTM and teacher praised the efforts of my child.
The warriors made it to the second round of playoffs.
Went bowling with my family, even though bowling is lame.
MY BEST FRIEND BIRTH PARTY
I went back to my college and had dinner with a couple of friends all weekend.
LAST MONTH I WENT TO MET MY MOTHER SHE HAD PREPARED MY FAVOURITE DISHES AND I ATE LUNCH AND I WAS VERY HAPPY BECAUSE MY CHILDHOOD MEMORIES CAME BACK TO ME.
On Sunday we went to a pub and drank a little beer and enjoyed the music and atmosphere.
I got recognized at work.
My husband take me to a nice and romantic dinner and he sing my favorite song.
My mom telling me how proud she was of me because I decided to take a stock market course that she always wanted me too take
I received an order from Amazon for action figures I was waiting for.
When my brother told me he got a raise at his job.
My grandfather rang me up.
I was allowed to pet a stranger's dog for a long time last week.
I went for a trip.
I scored good on my test
My students presented a project they had been working on all year.
My cat ran head first into the soft screen door after I opened the glass sliding door.
my father in law ask me for a decision to go to a function one of our relative
I found out I was pregnant with twins again, this will make baby #4 and #5 for us.
My wife bought me a painting of a cat to commemorate our anniversary.
About 3 months ago when my brother decided to come back to Maryland from Florida to visit it was awesome to see him after 2 years of him not living here anymore.
My boss was out last week from work, so it was a very relaxed work place.
Watching my kids sing happy birthday to their dad.
I made love to a new woman at home.
AM GOING TO TEMPLE
Going to the beach with my sister.
I got to meet my grandmother after a year of not seeing her.
We, after having lost our dachshund of over 13 years, were approved by the dachshund rescue society to receive a dachshund puppy -- it finally arrives this week.
My favorite team won their basketball game last night.
I was able to regain my strength in the gym after taking a month off.
My son passed n all subjects which made me very happy.
I bought a new to me car and brought it home on a sunny day.
My sons 3rd birthday party made me happy because it made my son happy.
I went to a concert with my wife, and the band played our favorite song.
I won a contest to see a concert in another city.
My husband stopped by to have lunch with me.
I received a gift from my mother.
Won money on a lottery ticket!
I received a significant, unexpected bonus compensation from work.
My boyfriend sent flowers to my work for no reason at all other than to make me smile.
My grand daughter turned 1 years old.
i buy a new home
My Daughter got an A on a test that she studied very hard for.
I got to spend the whole day out at Mountain Pine Ridge, being out in the fresh air and enjoying swimming in the natural pools was an amazing day.
Getting my kids tickets to a concert and them going together made me really happy.
Buying tickets for an upcoming vacation.
Having drinks with a friend from out of town
I was happy when I got the best grade on my economics class.
Yesterday, I ate a delicious sub sandwich from Subway.
Found, and purchased, a book I had been searching for for a long while
My daughter's prom night because I was able to reflect upon how grown up she has become.
I found out that I was accepted to medical school in an underserved community which will allow me to continue to have an impact on the way others live their lives.
My family had a vacation in Australia last month.
I went on a romantic candle light dinner with my girlfriend and we spent quality time together
I was invited to a friends birthday event.
I spent a day hanging out at my parents' house and my wife and I got to play several board games with my dad.
I got a new set of high quality headphones for my computer.
I bought a new laptop.
I have organised the event called green buzz 5K run and it was telecast in all the local news channels and the event was a big success.
I made 5% in the stock market in one day.
I was able to put new wheels on my car.
When I went on vacation for a week in Florida.
My laptop had issues and I sent it in for repairs and they sent it back working perfectly.
i got a new puppy.
Won the cricket match in my office.
My husband cooked me an early breakfast without me asking.
Being told by my wife that my mother raised me right since I wasn't sexist at all.
My portable air conditioner came in the mail.
Two months ago my friend and I separated, I finally met the woman that made me happy.
I have started a new business.
I switched jobs into a new school and I'm happier with my everyday routine and responsibilities.
Finding out that my child no longer has leukemia
When i received a message from a friend that i have not seen in over 10 years.
My Mom and I had a heart-to-heart about her drinking that resulted in bonding we haven't had in a while.
Watching my daughter excel in gymnastics brings me a lot of joy.
Hearing my mother is cancer free and talking with her through the tears and all the good times we had.
Today I bought a new phone after my last one unexpectedly broke.
I was able to finally watch a movie that I really been wanting to see and thoroughly enjoyed it.
I completed a work project that I had been stalling on for months.
I bought a new game Darksouls 3.
I buy a new air conditioner for my house.
When i finally got my cell phone fixed.
I'm happy to discover that the donuts at our new "WAWA" store, are cheaper, fresher and closer than Dunkin Donuts!
An old friend unexpectedly stopped in and brought me a bunch of Easter candy and a couple of Dunkin' Donuts cronuts.
i got one of my blocked deal cleared this month.
My wife went to the doctor with some concerns, and came back with a good report and no bad news like we'd been fearing.
My rescue dog really settling in at home and his personality coming through now that he's comfortable with us
This is an odd one if you don't play games, but recently I reached a goal in my favorite game that was the result of about 5 months of effort.
I meet my son girlfriend
I found my career job.
I achieved the highest sales figures among my work team for the month of April.
I started Twitch streaming and have gotten good reception/criticism from others about my humor and that it might be something I could succeed at.
I was happy when my special 2-tone purple Iris bloomed this morning.
I was happy when my husband replaced my tail-light bulb without me even needing to remind him.
I had a great run outside on a sunny day.
I received a phone call from an old college friend, We lost contact after graduation but he found me through a mutual friend.
During my weekly budgeting process a few weeks ago, I realized that I had finally hit my "emergency fund" savings goal of $1,500.00 and was deeply overjoyed and also relieved.
Talking to my grandmother after not having had talked to her in a while made me happy.
Seeing my wife be increased in faith at the church service this Sunday that was a powerful word from the Lord that the church as a whole needs to hear.
I ate some very delicious pizza.
I went hiking since the weather was very nice.
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was how skillfully my favorite sports team, the Washington Redskins, drafted their recent players.
I celebrating my 4th year at my job
A coworker ordered pizza and shared with everyone in back on their breaks.
My husband took out the trash.
After a whole week worrying about work related problems, they sorted themselves out without my having anything to do with it.
My employer increased my salary.
I ate my favorite donut.
I finally got over a stubborn cold that lasted 2 long weeks.
I applied to an artist residency.
My friends and i finally got to go out for a few drinks.
I had lunch with my dad who was visiting from out of town.
I was able to alter my work schedule so that I could have more time to excercise daily.
I was happy when I was able to leave my very unpleasant and toxic job permanently two months ago.
I met a new date in the nearby store and we started talking and dated.
I visited my aunts
I won a price in a competitive game last week.
My father agreed to pay tuition for private school for my daughter.
I personally re landscaped the yard and it looks great
My mom told me she's really enjoying her new job, which is the first one she's liked in a long time.
One of my favorite artists ever recently dropped their new album and I've had it on repeat constantly.
We went to see the Pittsburgh Pirates play the Yankees and it was such a great game.
I go to to have a date night with my husband at the movies.
I got a promotion at work.
I took a trip back down to Philly this morning to catch up with my family!
I won an award at school.
I've been losing weight.
My new girl friend recently gave me a very touching card for our one month anniversary.
I spent time with my elderly Uncle who is in hospice and had a wonderful conversation for the entire afternoon
I finished learning a piano piece.
I received a very nice evaluation at work for the efforts I've put in over the past year.
I spoke to an old friend for the first time in a long time.
I got a new bunny
My job application was accepted and I was hired.
Getting the new bed put together and the new mattress in place
I had a really good sushi roll.
I attended the wedding of a long time friend and coworker and enjoyed a great dinner.
My wife threw me a surprise party for my 30th birthday.
I went skiing with my family for a weekend.
I recently celebrated my 4 year anniversary with my girlfriend by going to a fancy restaurant downtown and having a very romantic date.
We went out on a day trip to a bigger city and shopped.
My brother came to visit for a week from out-of-town.
Was able to go to see my local professional baseball team play this past weekend which was a great time
I visited with some family.
I started running again and it improved my mood and level of energy after the first run.
We went out to dinner at a place I really like and on a crummy rainy day so I was very happy with that and it's always great when I don't have to cook!.
Putting in my two weeks at a job that isn't making me happy, it makes me feel relieved.
Watching my sons play nicely together.
Last week we took our two kids to the zoo with my sister, her husband, and their two kids.
Got a new computer monitor.
Talked to my best friend on the phone
I won a big hand in a poker game.
Someone I disliked at work quit their job which made things easier for everyone.
I found out the girl i had a crush on liked me back.
Dressing up to go to a dance with my girlfriend and seeing her in the beautiful dress she got.
Celebrating my 16th year wedding anniversary with my family at a celebration dinner.
It rained so I didn't have to mow grass.
I watched a video on Facebook, of my son doing silly things with tractors.
I got a great meal at Wendy's.
Something that was quite fun was painting my son's room with him yesterday where he was helping and getting covered in paint.
Finding out that I am losing weight and my hard work is paying off.
I went to go eat at a restaurant i have been planning on going to for a month
Watched a friend's daughter play soccer
I was happy to buy new, colorful area rugs for my home office.
I joined a women's group for divorce support, which has surprisingly brought me many moments of happy.
I got to pet a cool dog when I was in a wine shop.
I paid for online courses entirely through making money online through websites like MTurk
When I watched Mr. Church, it made me happy.
I planned a trip to see a play in another city.
Seeing my family on Easter.
Realized that my mom got a $1000 bonus from work so we're going on vacation!
I bought a new laptop computer.
My friend shared to me a funny video.
We bought a house that is perfect for our needs.
A big event that made me happy was traveling across California for one week.
My wife cleaned the whole house when I was out.
I was happy when I found out I passed my TEFL certification course.
My cat welcomed me home after I was gone all weekend, and snuggled with me all night on the couch and then in bed.
I had beers and doughnuts at a friend's house with a group of friends from school, and we had a great time talking and watching videos together.
I went to my Aunt's surprise birthday party.
Me and my friends had a small get together.
I paid off one of my student loans with the absolute worst bank in the world, Wells Fargo!
I bake brownie with my niece.
After my crush agreed to go on a date with me.
My son was born in 25th February 2017 at the moment is very happy.
I visited with some family members from out of town that I had not seen in a long time.
I got to see my friends' dogs after they had been away, sick, awhile.
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
my nephew came to my house and he played with my kid and we went to park so that day is most happiest day.
I went out with some friends I had not seen in over 2 years.
TWO MONTHS BACK ALL OUR FAMILY MEMBERS MET IN A GET -TO-GATHER.EVERY ONE FELT HAPPY AND  SATISFACTION BECAUSE ALL WEE IN DIFFERENT STATES AND COUNTRIES.I ARRANGED THE FUNCTION SO I FELT VERY HAPPY.
I discovered that I really like organic beer, after purchasing it at the local food store.
I was happy when I went out with this guy who I really like and we really connected.
I watched a SVU netflix binge with my boyfriend once we were both free Friday night.
I finally got a good picture of the Rufous hummingbird who lives in our back yard.
My older brother came home from a military deployment overseas after 2 years.
I made enough money Turking to buy a few items I had been wanting for months.
I hung out with my significant other and watched television at home.
I read A Monster Calls by Patrick Ness last month and it's an amazing book; I'm always happy to find a wonderful book that I really enjoy.
I bought a new laptop.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
when I went to my honey moon 15 days back I was so excited  that was the first time I travelled without my parents and a new person
i am going to the my sister home for the birthday party.i fully enjoyed with my relatives.
I attended the sweetest wedding of a former co-worker and good friend.
I was given a bigger raise compared to the one I got last year at work.
I got a perfect score on my English exam.
I played some video games.
I WENT TO THE SPORTS ACADEMY.I AM PLAYING  TO SPEND MANY HOURS.
I felt happy when I found out I got a promotion at work.
now a days my mom is understanding my feelings and situations
We found a piece of land that we want to buy and build our forever home on it.
I made my husband laugh.
I got a huge bonus on Mturk from a study that I completed a while ago and didnt figure that it would have ever been paid out.
I bought a new tv, and it is much larger and better quality than my last tv.
I started doing these mturk jobs that ask me to describe what makes me happy.
I was able to complete a three year project at work after multiple delays.
I was able to go on a 22 mile bike ride.
Its almost a year anniversary with my girlfriend.
When i got my new car.
We got a new car!
My professor told me I should consider grad school because I am very smart.
Traveling to Cuba for the first time.
My youngest son has hit 3 homeruns this baseball season.
Going to Las Vegas for my best friend's bachelor party, and having a better time than I could have ever imagined.
Watching a movie about Quantum Physics because it made me feel a little better about death.
My oldest son, who is married and works in the computer field, has finally after long consideration, entered a masters degree program.
I was happy when my parents came to visit me from out of town for a week two months ago.
Our son started to walk without any assistance.
i got my new phone which i like most
I have started walking with a freind once a week.
Going camping with my friends made me happy because its a hobby I truly enjoy.
My girlfriends graduation day was recently and I was so excited and happy seeing her walk with her classmates.
I got new watch as a gift from my uncle.
When my dad visited me last month while I was disturbed about an incident and I very much needed him to be with me.
I felt the urge and the energy to be artistic and creative again, I started writing more music.
I managed to successfully get a large freelance job that I've always wanted to do, and will pay well.
i had helped  a child to do his assignment.
Furthering my learning of css at an advanced level.
I made some delicious pizza rolls for dinner.
I visited some good friends for a weekend.
i buy a new home
The day my fiance proposed to me.
My kids were all playing a game together without fighting and were being very sweet to each other.
I was not feeling particularly well one day, and while lying on the couch my cat came up and cuddled with me.
My son was evaulated by the interventional unit and deemed to be cognitively fit.
I felt happy when I went out to drinks with new friends.
Started to exercise n saw changes in body
I got my engagement ring out of layaway finally.
Getting to eat hot dogs and drink beer with some really good friends of mine (both male and female) on Valentine's Day.
I had a crush over a girl.She previously not jovial but now a days she s talking a lot to me.This one is really exciting thing to me.
I finished a task I had been working on all day.
My aunt had a surprise party and she was very touched by it.
I bought new socks for playing basketball.
i got a character i wanted in my video game
Coloring in my adult coloring book this morning.
I bought a new laptop.
I spent some time with some friends at the bar and had a few drinks
I was happy when I spent tonight cooking with my parents.
I discovered some new, very fun video games.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I watched the Rangers game and it made me happy that my team won a playoff game.
Being able to prepare my wife's lunch for work
I decided I would get pizza tonight, and found a really good deal.
My mother came to visit me from 1100 miles away.
I learned I would be receiving a raise in my yearly pay when I had a review with my boss.
Buying an outdoor table on sale after I had been looking for the perfect one for months.
I began working for Mturk in a more substantial and real way to help my family pay off our student loans
I ate lunch while sitting in the sun.
I went out on a dinner date with a girl I recently met.
The look on my wife's face when i gifted her iphone 7
I received an unexpected gift.
When I paid off my car.
I was accepted in a new job.
In the past three months my friend gave me a $100 Nike gift card
I got a free carwash
Going to a fancy dinner
We booked our kayaking trip for next week!
I spent half an hour in the basement playing with the new kittens.
I bought a hard to find vinyl record for my brother that I've been searching for a long time and I felt very happy and lucky to find it.
I got a brand new bracelet for mothers day :D
I designed wedding dress for my brother's marriage.
Paid off a significant portion of my student loans
I heard a very encouraging sermon from the book of Acts by Pastor Jon Courson
Arbys came out with the pork belly sandwich again.
I saw a movie for the first time that just made me change the way I thought of things
I bought myself a FitBit Blaze as a Single Galentine's Day gift.
My boss called to tell me that he was going to promote me to assistant manager after only being with the company for 2 months.
I wrote something yesterday for approval by my boss, who can be very critical even when I've done a good job, and he said "looks good" and didn't suggest any edits.
My son just turned 3 and two weeks ago he spoke in his first complete sentence- we were on a carnival ride and he said "I like this choo-choo!"
I passed my interview and got a job.
My in laws went away for a week.
on ebay, i brought a playstation 1  so i can play old games like final fantasy 9.
I played football with my two kids outside in our front yard
my lover give me a first kiss on my college day
when i offered prayers in a newly constructed worship place.
FIXING DATED FOR MY NATIVE TEMPLE FESTIVAL
Going to get ice cream with my girlfriend
A COUPLE MONTHS AGO I WAS ABLE TO GO TO THE BAHAMAS TO ATTEND A WEDDING OF A COUPLE OF FRIEND OF MINE.
We had a really good potluck at work today.
Last month my girlfriend gift me gold chain on my birthday occasion its happiest event for me.
I had a paper accepted in a journal
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I was happy when i got to leave early at work
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I WENT TO COLLEGE
The day I married my spouse
Family gathering after grandmas death and contemplating on her long, filled life.
I was financially able to afford signing up my 2 young children for an extra curricular activity in our community.
MY UNCLE LIVED IN MUMBAI WHEN I RECEIVE A CALL FROM MY UNCLE I REALLY FELT HAPPY.....
MY UNCLE LIVED IN MUMBAI...WHEN I RECEIVE A CALL FORM HIM I FELT VERY HAPPY
i went to see the nan movie last week
When my girlfriend from highschool came back into my life I was happy.
I was able to purchase a large plot of land to enhance the size of my property for only ten dollars from the state auditor.
my brother became a father after 10 years of treatment.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
The Boston Celtics looked like they would lose Game 2 to Washington but they changed their lineup and went small and managed tog et the game to overtime and then won.
I MET MY COLLEGE MATES ON LAST WEEK GONE A LONG TRIP
I got yo see my boyfriend when I didn't think I would.
I went in to check on my children at nighttime and how peaceful they looked melted my heart.
Last weekend, my significant other and I talked about our summer plans with the kids to find out what kind of things they would like to do before the start of the next school year.
I was happy when my (soon to be ex-) wife got fired from her job about a month ago.
My grandmother in law passed away on Tuesday, and last night while dining with my in-laws we were talking about her and sharing some funny stories when I noticed briefly that everyone was laughing and smiling about a particularly funny story and I was so happy to share that moment in the midst of such sadness.
last week was my uncle's marriage and i was very excited to attend his marriage function.During the time of function i met my relations whom i didnt met for a long time.It was really great time with them.It was really a happy moment for me.
Spending a day with my niece and knowing she's one of the few people that sees me for who I really am.
My husband, daughter, and I went to the zoo for her first field trip; she's in K4.
I got a promotion at work.
i had helped my mother for wash the clothes.
My grandmother thanking us for coming to her 85th birthday party
I became an uncle the second time in my life.
I was happy when we finally had a sunny day after months of cold and rainy days.
I visited a small store I used to go to when in high school.
I got straight A's this semester!
Taking my dog to the vet and making sure he was okay.
i met my school friend after 10 years..we went to hotel for lunch..we had a nice time
I played volleyball with my team and we did a lot better in our games.
when the entire extended family got together and had fun
My dad loaned me money to hire an attorney so that I could take my ex-husband back to court for child support.
I got into my dream university on a full ride 3 months after being placed on the waitlist.
The day my roommate and I attended a cultural event at our school.
I was the beneficiary of free yard work that was offered to me by the Catholic Church in my neighborhood.
I was surprised with a weekend getaway trip to stay in a cabin in the mountains and relax away from stress and kids.
Purchased tickets for a concert this coming summer for my wife and I to attend
I booked an Airbnb for my vacation that's coming up.
I received a birthday present from my sister.
I found a neat place for the trip we're going on next week that lets you get a 5-star restaurant experience for regular restaurant prices, because it's run by students as part of a teaching kitchen - super cool!
I moved into a new apartment.
I went out to a fancy restaurant on my birthday, with my girlfriend.
My fiance and I moved to a different state.
I spent an entire day with my best friend shopping and just hanging out, it was the best day I've had in awhile.
I went on a vacation with my friends.
A new season of one of my favorite shows, Southern Charm, started up again on Bravo.
I went on vacation to Cancun.
I was walking by the lake, listening to the waves crash into the shoreline, feeling the cool breeze on my face.
I finally found a pair of shoes that were in an unusual colour I was looking for after 3 weeks of searching.
I went to visit my son at school yesterday, and he was very happy to see me and told me that I was his best friend.
I received a raise at work.
A friend of mine told me that she's expecting a baby soon.
When it was a snow day and I didn't have to go to class
I found a great place to live while I complete my internship.
I ran 6 miles along the waterfront.
I had a discussion with a sadist that led to a better understanding of my personal boundaries.
I finally received my first, though long overdue, annual review from my employer and the results of the review were better than I had anticipated.
I bought a really great brand new gaming laptop that I use all the time now.
I got commended for a job well done at work and the manager said I was doing great.
I was very happy a couple days ago when I received a handwritten letter in the mail from my cousin, along with pictures of my family.
Completed a huge task at work
I went to my best friends wedding.
I was praised at work for completing a task quicker than expected.
I told my upper level students that I am pregnant.
I bought a game that my best friend plays a lot of, so now we can play it together.
I became incredible happy when I received my paperwork to submit to the state for my plumbing license examination.
I bought a new truck!
A happy event that occurred recently, is that I received a text from a friend who I hadn't spoken to in a long time, and had a nice conversation.
I came home from vacation to find my cat as happy to see me as I was to see him.
I went to a wedding for one of my relatives and saw all my family.
My son wrote his first check for a bill.
I received 100% on my final paper for a 400 level course.
I was happy when Irene could return to work following chemo treatments.
A friend of mine gave me new computer parts to upgrade my old pc.
Traveling to South Africa with my family made me happy.
I went to a party with friends and had a great time.
Taking my grandkids to a local farm
I was doing a good job at work and my boss gave me a $25 gift card to reward me.
I visited Miami for my Spring Break and got to see old friends
I watched Guardians of the Galaxy 2 tonight
Two months ago I got an "A" on one of my midterms.
My boyfriend and I celebrated our 3 year anniversary.
Yesterday, my boyfriend and I went to a beautiful secluded beach and explored.
Taking vacation home to see family and friends.
My new crush called me the other night to ask me out.
My work had a big conference and there was a ton of extra catered food left over that I got to take home.
I won a $50 Starbucks Gift Card.
I went to Powell's Bookstore with a friend and bought many books by my favorite authors.
My students did very well at the music competition last week.
I found out that my boyfriend and I were going to china together for a month in the summer
I downloaded this game that was highly rated from the app store because I needed something to relax and I found it to be really fun and enjoyable.
I started working again.
I was in a very bad mood, having a roller coaster of emotions due to hormones, and my boyfriend said things that made me feel much better and feel loved.
I was able to put $500 in savings for our next vacation.
Getting back in touch and spending the day with an old friend that I had lost contact with for months.
I finally bought a functioning electric guitar.
I had dinner with a friend I hadn't seen in a long time
I finished the story I was working on and published it and got good response to it
My cousin and her boyfriend came to visit me.
I got plans together with some good friends to go to Derby day this weekend.
I went to Paris with my daughter.
I went fishing with my niece.
I went to a memorial for a dear friend, which in itself it sad, however, this was an exceptional human being that deserved to be celebrated and we had hundreds of friends come together and honor his memory as he would have liked up to.
I won $50 on a scratch-off lottery ticket my husband bought me.
Playing board games with my brother and my boyfriend last weekend.
I celebrated my birthday.
My family picked up our newest dog from the humane society.
I got to eat an entire pizza by myself because i saved my calories.
I went to my brother's wedding to his longtime fiancee.
Finding out that more of these hits are available made me happy today!
My husband and I are doing IUI in hopes of conceiving our first child, and we had a good sperm count for the procedure.
I partied at the strip club in Florida.
Helped take care of 5 kittens.
Went on a family vacation with 3 other couples with children with similiar ages as ours and had a great time.
Earlier this week, I hung out with friends, went to happy hour, and then had drinks in the hot tub.
I met up with someone I went to high school with and hadn't seen for 8 years, and we had a really nice comfortable conversation.
I just bought a brand new 2016 Dodge Dart.
My daughter told me last week that she's looking forward to going fishing with me this weekend.
My first grandson was born.
Going to get a coffee at the bookstore and browsing.
My wife and I purchased a bigger care for our growing family.
I got a really awesome email from a professor praising a paper I wrote.
I auditioned for the Shakespeare play, As You Like It and even though I walk with a cane, I still got cast in a really amazing role.
I had a wonderful, long conversation with an old coworker whom I hadn't seen in nearly two years.
I tested to join an agency for work that I'm trained to do, and the person conducting the test said that I did a good job.
I got drunk with my husband, and watched John Wick while we cuddled and pet our cats.
Finding out I was pregnant in March, after trying for several months made both my partner and I very happy.
Acceptance to a language program
I went to dinner with friends.
I was hired for a new career position, with more benefits and perks than my previous job.
My wife and I celebrated our five year anniversary in Paris.
I visited my home town for the first time in four years.
My students described my work as very motivating.
I was listening to the radio today and I heard a short segment on two sons asking if their father was proud of them, to which the father said "yes."
Seeing a friend I hadn't seen in a long time
Last night I had a great night at work and made a good amount of money.
One thing that really made me happy was seeing my son enjoy his tablet finally in the way that he was suppose to and actually learning from it.
when my wife hugged me after a 2 day cold war
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was when my 16 month old twins started saying "mom".
I had received a new job position offer residing in my home town, allowing me to move home and be relaxed.
I went to a movie theater and saw a double feature of Guardians of the Galaxy 1 and 2.
My puppy escaped from our yard, I drove around the entire neighborhood looking for him with no luck, upon arriving home he was laying asleep in front of the kitchen door.
I was able to actually buy a car.
Something that made me happy was buying a new car.
I won a competition that I wasn't expecting to win.
I was offered a new job position that makes a substantial amount more money than I am currently making.
Today we went to the air force museum and saw all the military planes.
Getting accepted into my state's selective leadership program, which was competitive, with a complete scholarship.
After months of grieving over my old cat as well as the recent loss of my job, I adopted a new cat from the shelter who had been there longer than any of the other animals and she's a sweet and perfect fit, despite how the shelter workers described her.
I had dinner with my best friend.
surprise birthday party from my mother made me very happy.
Today I went to the groceries and got complimented on my earrings.
Celebrating my nephew's birthday party.
My sister got a new dog that I get to puppy sit.
I got a new PC game that I ended up enjoying a lot more than I thought I would.
We had a big family reunion and I saw all my relatives I haven't seen in a long time.
I got to talk on the phone to my boyfriend who has been in another state for several days.
I went to see a very funny play at the local theater--it was a French farce.
A customer tipped me 10 dollars just for helping him out and they were really easy to work with.
Spring flowers began to bloom everywhere.
My baby started making dada and similar sounds.
Was having a tough patch with my girlfriend so saw her after 2 weeks and ate ice cream together.
Going to Ikea to shop for my new decor made me quite happy, I got to pick out a few items at an affordable rate.
I ate a really good burrito for lunch last week.
Getting a warehouse membership and shopping for things I needed made me real happy.
I bought a new tiny washing machine so I do not have to hand wash clothing anymore.
We house sat my friend's black labrador puppy last weekend.
I took a trip to see a friend that had moved to a new city.
Got a new job
I came home and my mom had made my favorite type of pizza to celebrate my good work at my job.
Received an email, that my oldest son got accepted for the morning session class for free.
My grocery store has a ten day sale on yogurt and as it's the only food I can eat that is fun it makes me insanely happy to be able to buy many.
Seeing a new movie
I had a birthday and celebrated it with my friends and family by going out.
An event that made me happy was finishing up a television series.
My son, who is 9, willingly tried and ate an entire salad with his dinner last night.
Being able to take a course in my profession which I was interested in.
I went to South Carolina for a vacation a couple of weeks ago.
I finally bought Google Chromecast so I can stream movies to my TV.
Getting a promotion at my current job made me happy and my achievements noticed
I was able to finally get the courage up to fix the valve cover gasket on my car.
my husband make me some chicken wings for me , and take care the baby when I ate them.
I adopted a pup from the shelter and he has given me much joy.
One event that made me happy was when I signed the lease on my new apartment after worrying that I wouldn't find a nice one that  I liked.
Managing to control my weight gain and having people notice everyday.
My father and mother called me back about my daughter's birthday this weekend and both are able to come and celebrate with us.
I had a stress-free weekend for the first time in months, and spent it relaxing at home.
Going over to my mom's house to visit all of the dogs there last week made me very happy.
I finished screening in the balcony of my apartment so my cats can safely stay outside and watch nature.
I completed a week long study on MTurk, which paid a good amount of money.
Last Month am Getting Job Interview Offer letter From Top MNC Software Company that time am feel very happy.
I bought a new bike then i ride it faster
I HAD GONE YESTERDAY ON FIRST DAY FIRST SHOW MY FAVOURITE ACTOR MOVIE
A begger begs a TV.
I ordered some cat food a few weeks ago, and to reach the "free shipping" amount I got a few cat toys, my cat really seems to like them.
I adopted a dog from the local no-kill shelter.
I got a chance to play judge at our local elementary school's science fair.
MY SISTER MARRIAGE EVENT IS THE BIGGEST HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
I bought a new bike for myself.
I was hired for the job I wanted.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
i purchased my favorite poori baji from a hotel last week, which makes me happy
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I watched my daughter do her first handstand the other day it was fantastic.
I replaced my old mobile, now i bought Redmi mobile, which has many features i am very happy to have that mobile.
after long time i mate my class mate.
When I was approved to be a mechanical turk I was happy and still am to this day.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Getting done administering testing in class today
I WENT TO SHOPPING
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
I bought a new car
I got a surprise lunch from my friend and i got it had all the meal which i like and it made me happy
I was happy when spring finally arrived and I was able to plant my garden.
M wife gave me a present for my birthday.
I lost 20 pounds.
I ate the best broccoli and chicken of my lie.
I went for a tour with my colleagues.
I discovered a new video game to play that I love.
I received my tax refund in the mail and I knew I would be able to catch up on my bills.
I received a hefty paycheck
When my nephew smiles at me
My best friend asked me if I could be in charge of planning her baby's gender reveal party.
I attended the wedding of my nephew and I am so happy for the couple.
My girlfriend decided to stay home with me to hang out instead of going to the gym.
I got my brother to help me buy together an Elliptical machine so I can lose weight this summer and get healthy.
I felt happy when I made my boyfriend happy by buying him a special birthday cake.
I learned that one of my favorite radio DJ would return after an automobile accident.
I felt happy when I finished my final physical therapy school internship.
I went to my nephews 2nd birthday party and got to see my other nephew, niece and family.
I was happy when my foster puppy used the puppy pad more than once in a day, indicating that she was trained.
I seen a movie at the theater that I really enjoyed.
I did some bike riding.
I got to spend time with old coworkers yesterday.
I played basketball with my brother.
When I won a close game in  madden 17.
I have just booked a hotel in Longbeach LA, where I will be attending a convention.
Going out with friends for my Birthday.
I got an amazing job opportunity to illustrate for a magazine.
I picked up my husband at the airport
My husband's adult daughter announced that she had lost almost 70 pounds and her doctor told her that her health had improved drastically because of the weight loss so we're very pleased with that.
I hung out with friends and ate at a restaurant.
My film was invited to play in a prestigious festival.
My neighbors got a new dog.
I put my headphones in an took my dog on a walk at sunset.
I finished a project at work that I had been working on for months.
Had lunch with an old lady friend of mine that I haven't seen in ages and she looked and was doing well...that made me happy on many levels!
A free demo for a video game was made available without having to preorder it.
My ex boyfriend helped me to replace the control arm on my car to make it more reliable.
I found out I'm getting to go on a work trip to Miami which will be a fun change of pace.
Im going into work tomorrow to get a lot of things finished
My daughter and I went to a very old movie theater for a 90 year anniversary party and watched a silent movie.
My husband and I put down a deposit on a trip to Europe this summer, hiking and biking in England and France.
I beat a videogame and unlocked everything.
After years of hard work and a series of disappointments in terms of my business school experience, i was finally accepted into every law school I applied to
Accomplishing a goal in a video game, i regularly play
One thing that made me happy was getting a raise at work.
My parents got home with my dinner, and I was really hungry.
I got a promotion at work.
I hit a $500 jackpot on video poker at the casino
I was asked to interview for a position I'm interested in.
My chickens started laying eggs.
On my birthday a friend invited me out to lunch with her family and they bought my meal and got me a dessert.
Playing with my cat
I visited my mother
When I received an email from my graduating daughter from college that she received a response for an interview within the animation field.
My son and I traveled this week to Tennessee
Last week my neighbor baked us a pie for dessert.
I ran 5 miles.
When I got a bonus at work.
I was happy to celebrate  ago's birthday with the whole family.
I got a promotion at work.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
It made me happy when I was told that I qualified for an above average raise!
Lost enough weoght to fit into a size smaller pants
Eating my favorite childhood cereal.
My doggie had puppies.
I went on a hike and was able to see a majestic view of the hills, ocean, and my city.
My wife got a big bonus at work.
I am very happy to have an amazing family, friends, girlfriend, and life.
My college had a successful premiere of music to the silent movie Metropolis two weeks ago.
My husband and I went to the movies.
I saw a comedian at a casino he had a very good act after the show he gave me an autograph.
I landed a new client that hired me to create a new website.
I got to nap with my cat purring next to me and it was very peaceful.
I purchased new food items from Trader Joe's that were really delicious.
making 30 dollars in one day on mturk made me happy.
I quit my job and started something new that I really enjoy.
We got through a big awards ceremony that my team was responsible for and got lots of kudos on a job well done.
My son, only a sophomore musician in high school, was asked to play in his first professional gig (a community theater orchestra pit) based on the director seeing him at a school event.
I purchased a home in the town i grew up in.
I when to the shoe store and found some cute shoes for my son on sale so I bought them I was so excited.
I made a fantastic sandwich yesterday.
I went to see my favorite band in NYC for New Years Eve.
Trying a new restaurant with my boyfriend last night.
I was able to go on a skiing trip with some friends and my fiance.
I finally got the promotion at work that i have craved for 3 years.
I got a good grade on a test.
I got a new part for my computer!
I have made Dean's list for the first time ever, with my best grades ever, and that is amazing to me at a college level.
My parents came to visit me, even though they live far away.
My fiancee accepted my marriage proposal.
Having the confidence to drive to Cleveland, first time on the freeway!
We traveled on a vacation to Azores Islands in Portugal and enjoyed nature!
I saw one of my favorite musical artists perform headlining shows in the northeast for the first time.
When my little female cousin was accepted into one of the best universities in the state of New York.
I got a new pet parrot, and he is already talking words.
Went to a nice gaming bar/lounge with some friends.
I attended a baseball game in which the Texas Rangers ACTUALLY won.
I did well on a recent job interview
My parents visited me after three long years.
My 4 year old daughter said "I want Daddy to tuck me in because I love him."
My toddler son smiled at me.
I made a bunch of new friends recently.
My boyfriend took me out for a day on the town visiting some of our favorite spots and restaurants.
I crossed over the border of my home state after a long trip away.
Got a call from Sebastian.
My aunt sent me a surprise check that helped tremendously with the cost of my wedding.
During WrestleMania weekend this past April, two of my favorite tag teams wrestled in one of the best matches I have ever seen.
Starting to live a healthier lifestyle and making exercise a part of my daily routine made me happy.
I was very happy when I used several coupons and cash back sites at the grocery store and earned cash back on my purchases.
playing video games
my husband was released from jail.
I got to eat  at this burger joint that i had been wanting to go to for a long time and it was delicious.
I found out I was pregnant with my first child.
The time I spent with a specific person I met at Aruba
One of my favorite singers released a new song.
My boyfriend asked me to pick out engagement rings for the first time.
I got to have some extra time to spend with my children.
My birthday on march.That day I got gifts  from my friends.we went barbeque nation for dinner.the hole day was very happy for me.
I was able to get tickets to see Madame Butterfly at the Kennedy Center for $35 instead of almost $200, the usual price.
My basketball team won a very important game while I was at a party and we all celebrated.
MY COLLEGE 1ST DAY INAGURATION FUNCTION
I found a bunch of cute clothes at a thrift store for a dollar each.
Me and my friend went for a shopping and took 3 shirts for him and we returned back to home after booking a cab.The day was so fulfilled
Got a new tablet
There was an art show at my daughters school in which she was a main participant in it.
graduation of my brother
I felt happy when i got a job after being unemployed for so long.
I went to the lake with my wife and daughter.
I was very happy when my wife informed me that she received a bonus on her paycheck from her work.
I went on vacation with my family.
Getting a positive response on my youtube video made me happy
I went bowling with a group of friends last night.
My parents were able to attend my sons ceremony when he graduated from the program he attended.
I finished work on an onerous, difficult committee I served on at work.
My husband left the job he hated and found one he loved.
I had dinner with an old friend and hopefully reconnected.
I brought a new phone that I worked hard for.
I enjoyed visiting an art gallery with my brother.
I got a 20 dollar bonus on Mturk.
I earned a big bonus on some work that I did.
I visited my mom at her house last night.
My son got a glowing review on his day at preschool.
I went jogging by myself and had a nice bit of time for myself in the process.
An ex-gf got back in touch with me who I had been thinking about.
Going shopping for new clothes at the mall made me happy.
Seeing my girlfriend enjoy her present I got her.
My son has started reading 3-letter words.
I finally found a shirt on Ebay that i'd been searching for for weeks.
Going to the Zoo with my nephews made me real happy.
It made me happy to buy a new phone with my own money.
I found my wallet, which I had misplaced two days before.
I reached a designated weight I was trying to get to in the gym
My sister made a surprise visit and cooked me my favorite meal.
I went to a local soccer match with a few friends.
The sun broke through today after a few days of rain.
My husband washed all the dishes and cooked dinner for me one night last week when I had to work late.
My toddler started stacking the blocks on top of each other for the first time instead of just throwing them around.
Never was late to work for those months.
Yesterday I completed a video game that was very  hard and took a lot of time to finish.
One event that made me happy was when a customer at work said that I had good energy and she could tell I was a good person.
I found a new girlfriend.
My sister-in-law's dog fell into the rapids while hiking and I was able to rescue it.
Found the perfect cherry tree to plant in the yard in memory of my dad.
I ordered a lavender-flavored latte and was pleasantly surprised by how delicious it was.
An event that made me happy in the past three months was making 13 dollars on a hit on amazon turk.
I finished the physical therapy I needed.
I got three days off from work.
My salary was increased.
I was able to get one step closer to opening a small business project.
I turned a closet into a reading nook and painted the walls in an abstract and glittery fashion.
Going to visit a cousin in her new home.
Winning a poker tournament at a local casino
Yesterday as I was leaving the gym I found 200 dollars in the parking lot which made my night.
Playing ball with my dog in the park.
I got promotion in my job last month.
Knowing the answer to every question in an exam immediately
I felt happy when my fiance landed the job he wanted.
Last month my child birthday came and we celebrated with joy and i was very happy because after she came in to my family i got lot of good fortune and i bought a new car.i presented her with a teddy bear as her birthday gift and in the evening we went out for dinner and had our time spend very happily.
I beat my previous record of money made in a single day on mturk.
I went to see the new Fate of the Furious movie with my brother and grandpa.
I bought a new laptop.
I got a chance to purchase a second monitor for my computer and I was able to get more work done.
Easter dinner this year was very special because it was my grandson's first Easter and he loved the little Easter basket that I got for him, it always lifts my heart and fills me with happiness and love when I feel like I have made someone else happy.
My spouse and I went to the movies a couple of weeks ago and really enjoyed our time together.
Watching my son warm up to the baby finally.
I WENT TO shopping mall
I finished up a very difficult college course and made an "A".
i want celebrate this moment.so i go to restaurant with my family.it is very happy moment in my life.i feel very happy with enjoy my family and friends.it gives lot of goodness in my life.i felt very happy to this occasion.it is very good moment in my life.i feel very secure position about my financial status.
I saved over $30 on a weekly shopping trip to the grocery store.
2 WEEKS BEFORE I BOUGHT APPLE I PHONE...
2 months ago i played tennis with my friends and i won in that game and really enjoyed my friends also encouraged me to win all over the world matches
My son got a scholarship two days back and I am very much happy about it.
I got a my dream job offer .
Having good weather for the first time in about 7 months today.
Having my favorite dish after long time
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
My favorite author released a new book after a two years hiatus.
I was happy to open my fridge and see that I had several cold beers waiting for me after a long, tiring day at work.
I bought a new car
Finishing work for the day
Boating with my sister son whole day and enjoyed every movement became a child
I have a new caddy and everybody loves it
I went to my relative marriage function and had great time with my friends.
I booked a trip to Singapore for summer!
We got a new lawn mower to replace our old, worn down mower.
MY FATHER WAS BUYING A NEW BIKE ON  LAST MONTH  FOR ME THAT MOMENT I WAS SURPRISED BECAUSE I LOVE BIKE RIDING.
Anniversary Celebration of my Parents last Saturday April 29
My best friend graduated from Law School, so I got to proudly attend his graduation ceremony.
The weather was great outside.
I just realized that I don't have to go to work tomorrow, so I'll be spending the morning doing things I want to do.
last weekend i saw movie Bahubali with friends.
Helping my brother move
I finally completed the training courses that I needed to get done.
when my mom made me my favorite meatball sphaghetti.
Yesterday, I had my favourite dinner made by my mom.
I bought a new bike for me.
I was happy when I found a new show I liked to watch on Netflix that was very addicting.
My 3 year old son is finally loving preschool.
After a long time, I loosed my weight by two kilograms.
I bought new motorcycle
Going to my dads house for a cookout
I felt happy playing video games with my friends online yesterday.
Last week, I was given a raise at work.
I purchased a guitar for my sister.
A cold rain after a week of hot, humid days.
My daughter passed all of her college finals!
Went to see my son's present his college senior design project.
I bought a CD of my favorite singer.
ate a great steak
Today, all teachers at my school were given a free lunch and gift card for teacher appreciation day, which was awesome!
I bought an item that I thought was $8 but it turned out to be half price!
I hit 100 subscribers on my YouTube channel.
I made reservations for an upcoming vacation.
I got so Skype with a friend who I hadn't spoken with in a long time.
I joined a writing challenge that I've been interested in for years.
While cleaning out our attic, my older brother found a handmade birthday card I'd given him on his birthday more than twenty years ago and showed it to me.
My fiance and I prepared a delicious dinner together.
I went to a baseball game with a large group of my friends
A video game I'd been waiting on for a really, really long time finally came out.
I hit another major milestone in the book that I am writing.
I was granted a job interview.
I made it through an entire day at work without having to explain to a coworker why it wasn't acceptable to hit me.
Had a get together and dinner with some old friends and had a fun time.
I lifted more weight than I ever have before at the gym.
My dad had a successful surgery to repair a hernia and is feeling better.
My wife told me she appreciate me checking in on how she is feeling every few nights.
I learned a new trick on my skateboard.
I made my own sourdough bread and it was delicious.
I had a great date night with my wife.
I had morning coffee with a friend
They had everything I was looking for one day when I went shopping and everything was super fast and I had great customer service as well!
My dog made a nest out of blankets he found and has now declared it his little part of the house.
My workplace had a birthday party for one of my coworkers.
I felt happy when my daughter tested out of her intensive reading program.
I had a good experience at a new restaurant.
I thought of a creative idea for mother's day this morning and can't wait to implement it to make my mother happy.
An event that made me happy is going to a play of my nephews at his school.
An "Ask Me Anything" thread that was hosted by a self-made millionaire who programs apps for a living; it gave me inspiration that I may, one day, experience a similar level of success.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Feeling comfortable to talk to by friend about personal things I normally wouldn't talk about.
Flowers from my husband unexpectedly for nothing just because.
An old friend messaged me out of the blue and congratulated me on my new job.
I discovered cloud gaming (liquidsky.com) and can now play games that my current computer can't handle.
Last week when my husband got a rewards for his performance from the company.He was very happy when he showed it.I too was very happy and feel like as if I had achieved it.I felt really happy for him.I feel very proud .I got very exited and felt that hard work has paid off.
I was happy when I figured out what gift I would then buy my boyfriend for his birthday.
Taking a long walk along the creek behind our house.
I got to read some of my favorite book while sitting in the sunshine.
I found a raccoon snoozing in a cubbyhole above our backyard awning, and she let me take her picture.
I received an unexpected raise at work.
I was happy when I flew home and visited with my parents, who live very far away.
The flowers in my garden started blooming this week for spring finally.
I was able to help my parents pay off some debt that was going to accrue interest.
I sold my Meerschaum pipe on Reddit to a guy for a really good price and now I seem to have made a long distance pen pal so that's actually kinda cool.
My sister told me that I always find the coolest and best videos for her to watch on YouTube.
I read a new book by a favorite author.
I found an Android app that can make free texts over WiFi.
I went to my favorite cafe and studied and wrote and felt really productive.
Finding the last reese's egg when I thought they were all eaten!
I have the weekend off of work.
It was my grandma's 90th birthday.
I was granted an admission in a university.
I got a newer and bigger tv!
Our two day sunny streak ended with a night thunder storm and I spent it on the porch, enjoying the show.
My daughter did her piano recital.
We set a sate for our wedding and booked our honeymoon!
I got a hug from the girl I liked.
Seeing my favorite artist in a concert.
Watching my children play outside in the sunshine.
Got a promotion at work
I surpassed a level in a video game that I hadn't previously reached.
I was very happy to watch my husband walk my daughter up the aisle at her wedding.
I was heavily complimented on my stock pitch.
My husband got me 5 new pairs of leggings that I had be wanting.
I made it 10 weeks without a cigarette and got a gym membership, moving my life further in the right direction.
I made dinner.
The time my sister asked me to give her away at her wedding.
My aunt said that my other aunt told her that I'm a good cook.
Travelling to Europe to visit my sister in the UK who I hadnt seen in 2years.
I got offered to interview for a job that has a higher pay than the one I had previously interviewed for.
I talked to a family member on skype
My youngest child took his first steps.
I found out a favorite tv show is getting a movie.
My kid got good grades on his report card.
I was able to quit my job at begin working from home which i though was impossible to do, but i desperately needed to in order to better assist my son
I dined at one of my favorite restaurants in my city.
I found out that my band gets to play a huge local music festival.
I was happy when my husband surprised me with an early Mother's Day gift.
I was surprised with a gift by my girlfriend.
I went to visit a beloved family member.
I ate half a family-sized bag of jalapeno flavored potato chips.
I had tacos for dinner, and tacos are my favorite.
Singing in the car with the windows rolled down on an nice sunny day.
Helping my mother prepare Easter dinner for our family.
I only had money for a 2 hour bus ticket bit the driver gave me a full day pass instead.
I ate a really good meal that included spicy chicken that I had never eaten before.
Having my dad visit and stay for a few weeks after being overseas for months.
When I received news that I was qualified to be a foster parent
I cooked a nice meal for my family on a weekend and everyone liked it very much.
I enjoyed a beer on my back porch on a bright sunny day with friends
The company that makes my favorite sweatshirt is sending me a new one for free because my old one ripped.
the wedding of my brother
When i heard that i am getting promoted as an Incident Manager
My daughter created her first Minecraft mod after taking lessons on modding.
Two weeks ago, someone came up and hugged me for bringing cookies to a club meeting.
I made a good recipe and got a appreciation for that too.
I purchased new rottweiler puppy
I purchase a new baseball bag that is capable of holding both my newly purchase baseball bats.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months is when this semester was over in college.
I was happy when i ate a pizza.
The other day I discovered a Cure cd I didn't have already on sale at the store, and bought it.
I brought a T-shirt for my husband in sale which he liked too much.
I got to workout without having to worry about working at the same time.
We won our first volleyball game of the season.
I was happy when we met the neighbor, and he agreed to watch our cat when we went on vacation.
I went on a date with my significant other ice skating.
I got a new job in a field that I love, and am finally using the skills I went to school for.
I started a work out routine that has started giving me really good results!
Attending my first bible study because I have found new joy and life in my faith again.
I attended a St. Patrick's Day parade on a cold and windy day.
I had dinner with my Mom.
An event within the past 3 months that made me happy was getting a bonus from work.
I was happy when I went on a trip to the northern coast about a month ago.
i got my car fixed so I can drive it again.
I basically got a CSS programming certificate.
I got tickets to the Interpol show in LA in September that has now sold out!
I attended my mom's favorite artists concert with her.
My aunt got out of the hospital after dealing with a bladder infection.
My infant son rolled over for the first time about a month ago, and this event made me very proud and happy.
I met with my preacher and psychiatrist separately after getting out of the mental hospital and recovered almost completely from my schizophrenia.
I got some money for my birthday, which I plan to use to fund a trip to visit my girlfriend.
I am on track to double my income over next year.
My son sang wonderfully at his end of year program.
An appraisal of a home I am about to buy came in, allowing me to negotiate for a lower closing cost.
My wife gave me a Disney puzzle for Valentines Day.
I made a cool song on my computer this morning
There was a surprise party for me at work where someone made cake and treats for us.
I was able to pay off a debt that I had working on for the past year.
Going to six flags and riding roller coasters.
I got ice cream from the soft serve machine in the cafeteria.
I found out that I got into my favorite graduate program.
My child secured a summer internship.
I heard a good song.
I turned in final grades for the semester with an hour to spare.
I got to work from home for a few days.
I visited my mother.
I got a new tv
I celebrated my birthday.
I am happy that i was able to throw my sister in law's baby shower and made all the deocrations
We played spikeball with one of our new hires and it was incredibly fun.
Today when I was riding my new bike in the park.
Had a great weekend and also got an usual amount of rest, leaving me feeling refreshed and hyped for this upcoming week.
My favorite hockey team won the second round of playoffs.
I got to see my boyfriend's cat, and she was more affectionate then she normally is.
Yesterday, my roommate's two year old started trying to say my name.
Last week I cooked a delicious new recipe
I was very happy when I found out that my neighbor's dog overcame an accident.
Ran my fastest 5K ever!
My son finished his state standardized testing for 4th grade on Friday!
I went to the movies with my family to see "Get Out."
My wife came home from a trip.
When I was finally able to pay all of my bills for the month without having to sell anything to the pawn shop, I felt a bit better about my financial situation.
I went to my first Syracuse Chiefs game of the year the other day with my family.
We went on a big family trip to Disneyland for my 50th birthday.
Last weekend my wife and I spent a day at the beach close to our house.
I got a surprise phonecall from an old friend who I had not talked to in about a year and we caught up on life.
The new assistant manager that has it out for me is being transferred to another store.
Found out about the cheap pizza hut buffet.
Had an extremely productive day on MTurk.
I got to do a scientific study online that paid 12 GBP and it was an interesting one requiring actual thought.
I was recognized at work company wide on completing a project I had been working on with good results.
Learning how to do an important aspect of my job on my own.
My daughter made straight A's on her progress report!
The day I got a promotion at work.
My favorite premier league team won again today, inching one step closer to winning the championship.
Cousin's Marriage
I talked to a new friend on the internet and he donated to my girlfriend's stream so we could go to a restaurant.
My graduation from college made me very happy.
I was put in charge of a big project at my job.
My insurance company waived my deductible for my car repair claim.
My company was purchased by a bigger company and I found out I would get much better health insurance/benefits.
I went to the observation deck at the US Bank tower and saw a great view of Los Angeles
My students were very cute today.
I'm planning a trip to Hawaii!
I received a bowl that I made in a glass art class and was pleased at the result.
attending to sports event
I cooked my favorite dinner - chicken and rice.
I started on a new client at work this week.
My son was upset he was going to stay the night with his grandmother to go to the aquarium the next day and he said he didn't want to go because he was going to miss me and his father.
I was recently offered a permanent position with the national park service
I was happy today because I got to tell my boyfriend's mother happy birthday.
My parents came over to spend the day with my son.
Last week I got a phone call from an old friend who I hadn't spoken to in 25 years.
My cousins from Germany came to visit me this spring.
I started a new job delivering packages.
I have bought a new bike for myself and its very nice to ride.
Am Happy when am get a college administration seat in a Top University ,  I am selected that college Student as a Degree so am happy.
I was accepted into Music school as a transfer student.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I bought a nice sweater on sale for a big discount.
I got Promoted as a senior manager for which I got a increment last month which made me feel very excited and happy and still enjoying that moment
A monkey laughing.
it was my birthday today and i got to go to dinner with my family.
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
Worked extra hours for past one month and earned enough to pay my son's school fees and paid today.
I finished my last final exam ever (hopefully).
Getting the maximum annual pay raise I could have hoped for at work.
i met a new girlfriend in my life last month
I brought a gift for my husband.
I met with my dad for lunch on Sunday.
I received my first paycheck Friday from a new job.
Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I`m having.
Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I`m having.
Listening a certain song, when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that how much fun i am having.
My whole family went to Disneyland last month, even cousins who lives out of states showed up and we have a blast together.
I was happy when my son got his first base hit in minor league.
Momma Kitty came into the room just now and started rubbing on my leg.
I was super happy about getting a promotion at work and a 2 dollar an hour raise to go with it.
Today I was offered a full time babysitting job.
Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I`m having.
MY FRIEND BIRTH DAY
my boy friend give me a surprise party
my wife bought me a Rolex watch just because she felt like it.
I GOT JOB LAST MONTH.
I started listening to an album that I hadn't heard in few years, and it was like listening to it for the first time as far as how much I enjoyed the music.
I watch a funny short film in YouTube.
My dad getting out of the hospital after being sick for two weeks with pneumonia and an ear infection.
I have new help at work.
My boyfriend got a decent-paying job that he actually enjoys.
I graduated law school cum laude less than a month ago, and this made me feel satisfied and happy.
I fixed my car.
I got famous clam chowder at the coast and it was really good.
I passed my real estate license test.
I had a delicious steak for dinner last week.
I order tickets for a concert for Donny and Marie!
I made a great impression at work.
I found an old shirt I had been looking for since nearly 3 weeks ago, which was one of my favorites.
Spending a family day at the beach with my fiance and daughter.
My oldest son is graduating from his university with honors.
A dog I had to give up got readopted almost immediately this Saturday.
I Went to Frankfurt, Germany for the first time in my life allowing me to meet some online friends as well as the creator of the game I play with them.
I finally was able to replace my old laptop with a newer spec'd one.
I finished a whole bunch of homework from college and it makes me happy!
Long conversation with friends over drinks.
I bought a birthday present for a friend and gave it to them.
I'm happy that I lost 3 pounds when I got on the scale today.
My niece got married this past Saturday.
I played in a lottery pool and ended up winning it and took home a cool 500.
I made enough money on Mechanical Turk to pay my car insurance bill.
Spent the entire day with my grandma today.
I was happy when I was able to pay for part of my plane ticket with points instead of dollars.
I was able to find the last few Cadbury Creme Eggs at the store, taking all of them instead of letting the rude family searching for them have any.
my wife told me she loved me.
I planned a weekend getaway to Las Vegas
I found out about a job promotion.
Having a conversation on my grandmother's birthday.
We went to a concert for a choir that my brother is in.
My girlfriend recalled a date we went on with her friend and they enthused about how wonderful I was for taking her on that date.
I randomly ran into an old friend while I was shopping.
Passing an assignment for a scholarship scheme for the university mentioned in 1.
My grandma came to visit from Jersey.
I managed to solve the last puzzle in the video game, "Zero Escape: The Nonary Games", that I struggled with for hours.
When I ran into my best friend at the movies after a long time.
Within the last week, I finished taking my final exams for college and felt accomplished because I thought I did well and didn't have to study anymore.
All the brown dead grass from the winter out back of our house has been regrown with fresh new green grass.
I went out to eat
i got a good evaluation at work
I went to the museum with my girlfriend and we had a great time.
Helping my mother start an eBay store made me happy.
I went on a week long cruse last month with stops in Cozumel, Belize, and Honduras.
After my 3 year anniversary at my current job, I was given a raise.
I just received a big credit increase on my credit card.
I was able to find steak really cheap, and it was really good.
I was able to afford the apartment of my dreams.
I got to hear my favorite band, Widespread Panic, at the Wanee music festival.
I bought a couple new video games for my computer.
I found out my best friend had his application approved to share residence at my apartment.
I met some new people at a party and we became friends.
A few days ago, I received my 6-month assessment at work and was told by my bosses that I am a very good, "solid" employee in every applicable area.
I went out of town for a big trip, I went down to the coast and went fishing its really fun.
I taught my dog to restrain himself from eating food in front of him
I got a promotion at work to a new position.
I made a new friend in my favorite online video game.
I perfected a recipe I have been trying to get right for months.
I passed a difficult test in school.
Went to Ooty for this summer holidays
My husband getting his own office at work
Bought a new bike of royal Enfield
I helped a patient at work with a difficult situation and she hugged me on the way out and told me what a good nurse I am.
My boyfriend and I played lazer tag with his daughters this past weekend.
The day my best friend asked me to be his best man in his wedding.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I watched my son do well in his gymnstics class, and he smiled as me and felt good about himself.
My cat slept with me.
I am very happy when my wife got a new job as per her requirement.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My son has won an award two months back for state level competition in the abacus which made me feel happy
I was happy when I made an important professional connection at an art opening last week.
I finished my semester with good grades in all my classes.
i had helped my dad in farming.
An event that made me happy was baking treats for my friends and family.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
My Mom & Dad coming up from California to visit us.
I have reason to believe I've gotten hired on to a work project that will bring in a bit of extra money.
Today I received a distant call from one of my childhood friends whom I lost contact long ago.Thanks to facebook, she found my number and called me, making me very happy !
I went to a large outdoor concert
My little sister got her CDL"s which made me so proud of her.
Receiving a check closing an inactive bank account my grandfather had opened over 30 years earlier.
Last month I received a raise already at my new job.
Realzing that I am going to graduate college with honors.
After one long, frustrating week, my husband and I finally successfully put together two bookcases and were unable to unpack the rest of the boxes from our move, finally freeing up space on the floor.
I Went to see a new movie with my daughter.
I bought another car for my husband.
I WENT THE TEMPLE.
I WENT THE TEMPLE.
I met my schoolmate after 33 years and it gave me immense happiness to relive the school days with him.
I was given a 5-star rating from a customer on a transcribing job.
I have a cat and a dog and I felt happy with them.
I celebrated my birthday.
My wife called me and said she cares me.
I took a trip to Florida with my significant other.
My sisters came to visit our home and stay with us for few days during the vacation time.
My relatives come to home yesterday and it is very exciting.
I happy I will be expecting my boss back in office today to kick start some of the pending duties.
My mother sent me a photo of her fairy garden, which she has been working on for quite some time now, and it had three little fairy statues in it to represent me and my two sisters.
i got government job.. thats my dream since last 6 years
I watched movies with my family.
i got a girlfriend
I bought a new pair of shoes
I bought a new car
Wife got new job.
Last night I was happy to see that one of my favorite shows was on tv.
I went to the deli and ordered a drink and I talked my way into getting a free brownie.
An old friend came over on Cinco De Mayo, and we caught up and had a good time.
I went hiking with my friends.
Being able to spend time with family and hanging out with them made me happy.
I received birthday cards in the mail from family
I got a new pet, a bird named oliver and I was very happy for that.
My father (who has had two heart attacks) had an appointment with the heart doctor about 3 weeks ago and they told him the stent is holding up fine and everything looks good.
I got a book I was looking for on Amazon about a week ago.
I saw my grandpa.
hanging out with my brother and watching movies
I seeded the bare patches in the back yard in light of the wet weather forecast for this week, today we received over 2" of rain!
I was really happy to make a wedding cake for a friend as a gift.
My sons third birthday party .
I got an 104% on my final exam when I thought I would make around a 60%.
I received a rebate check in the mail for a settlement in a case involving an old bank I used to use, so I cashed it so we could go out to dinner.
I finally timed my new commute correctly today, so I was on time for work instead of running late and feeling frazzled.
I found $10 in my jeans pocket that I didn't know was there.
I had a fun conversation with a friend
Found out that my cousin, who is like a sister to me, is pregnant, so I'm gonna be an aunt this December.
Getting a job in a sector that I wanted.
I had a date night with my wife last Saturday.
Took my wife out for ice cream
I maxed my back squat at 180 pounds!
Making a delicious lunch for my wife.
My cat woke me up this morning by lying on my chest and meowing in my face until I gave him attention.
My friends and I had our first backyard BBQ a few weekends back.
My salary was increased.
Bought a rice cooker.
A game came out that I enjoy playing.
I spent the day at the beach with my sisters, daughter and nieces
I found a house to rent that id close to everything I need.
A clerk who works under me and is a frequent problem left work.
My boss came to me and hav me a promotion with a $1 raise!
I received a book in the mail that I am waiting to read.
I found out that I will be receiving a bonus for the hard work that I have been putting in.
I found a new show that I like and binge watched it.
Look at a nice movie on a night when I could not sleep
I had a really good workout yesterday.
My boyfriend and I spent time together creating a new vegetable garden in our yard.
I went to a trip with my friends.
Watched tv all day
I won a steam gift card through a raffle.
A co-worker complimented me last week on how good I do my job.
I finally beat a boss that I had a hard time with in a videogame.
I got to eat Chick-Fil-A for breakfast on Saturday.
My neighbor asked me to dog sit for her labs whose company I enjoy very much.
I bought running Nike shoes that were 50% off the past weekend that were exactly what I was looking for.
I was recently given a large raise and I am now earning much more than I was before.
I Attained the marriage ceremony of my brother at my hometown with my parents and friends.
I purchased one new Laptop with latest config
I saw and talked to one of my favorite former teachers.
Very good news in my life in last month i am get a call from top MNC company For Job Purpose My resume selected that company so am happy a lot.
I felt happy when a stranger on the internet complimented my art work.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I received a coffee cup in the mail from my favorite TV show.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Spending the weekend with my sister, my niece & my nephew hanging around my sister's house, going out to dinner, and shopping at the mall.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I joined a cycling organization in my new town and have enjoyed meeting people with a similar passion for the sport I enjoy the most.
A very good news listen to me after listen that news me and my family members so happy, that news was my sister give a birth ti a little baby in last week, so my hole family very happy.
My friend appreciated and  thanked me for all my help in assisting him in his job search.
Played a competitive video game match, it was very close and we won
I read a great trilogy of books to my son.
I was budgeting my allowance, and I calculated that I can take my big Eurotrip later this year.
I went for a walk in the park today so that made me happy.
I ran into an old friend and we talked and laughed like no time had passed.
I am a nature lover and today we visited a national park where I spent half a day admiring the flowers,medicinal shrubs and trees and also had Organic food  which I still relish !
me and family went to see the tajmahal
My favorite basketball team won the previous game during there second round in the playoffs.
I talked to my parents on the phone.
Received my white coat at a ceremony for my health science graduate program.
I got to see my lifetime long pet a few weeks ago.
Buying and eating chick fil a
Got a new car last month.
I am extremely happy today because for the first time in many months I have made $50 with Mturk  (in one day!)
i brought a new pet last month
I started showing improvement in my muscles after weeks of workouts.
I reconnected with my high school best friend after several years at our ten year reunion this weekend.
MY LOVER BIRTHDAY
I did Children's Church with mother.
My sister brought me a cupcake
i am meet for school friends  5 years
Watching my favorite hockey team on TV.
I spoke with my grandfather.
my second child cute princess born with tears
I went on a weekend getaway with my girlfriend to a nice town with an amusement park.
I visited my mother in San Diego and enjoyed the weekend.
I spent all day with my stepson, just the two of us, and we had a great time.
I gave my nephew his first guitar lesson.
I read a funny novel and laugh a lot.
I had a golden retriever puppy recently, which was so cute and made me so happy.
My sister-in-laws and I went to see Beauty and the Beast.
There was a big drop of csats today on the forum, and they're one of my favourite requesters.
My dog had surgery and it was successful
My girlfriend came back from a trip.
I went kayaking out on the water and it was very nice.
I got tickets to see Hamilton in Los Angeles!
Going for a run last night with my dog
I was happy when I visited my friend's dogs.
I picked up a new lead generation connection for my business.
I rekindled a friendship with an old friend that I had lost touch with.
My parents came to my son's Tball game.
I got a new Stella McCartney purse, which is my favorite designer.
I was at a local casino and I hit a $6400 jackpot!
I got a stuffed animal named Freckles for my friend.
Going out with my roommates and friends for Cinco de Mayo.
I texted my friend that I haven't seen in a while and we spoke for a bit, which was super nice.
1 month ago was me and my husbands 8 year anniversary
My daughter made her first communion
I found shoes I like at Ross.
I was able to be Dungeon Master in a Dungeons and Dragons game for the first time, with a group of my friends.
We got a new cat.
My little cousin hit her first home run at her softball game last week we are so proud of her
I was able to find and purchase a DVD collection of a cartoon I used to watch as kid called Invader Zim.
I love watch Soccer games in my house with my Family
I was walking a dog and I thought it was going to rain, but the rain held off long enough for me to walk him.
I ate awesome rice cakes for lunch last week.
We went to local wineries and found one with wines we enjoyed very much.
Driving to a new town
Meeting my online friend from 10 years that i have talked with for literally every day two weeks ago.
I got 2nd place in my university coding contest.
I thought I might have a big problem with my car's engine but after bringing it in it turned out to be no problem at all.
I made a cool song on my computer this morning
I felt incredibly happy when I saw my step dad and mom get quality health care for once in months
I finished my last department meeting for the school year, which was a huge success!
My sister had her second baby, so I am an uncle again!
I watched a great movie over the weekend, and I cried happy tears at the end.
I recently watched my girlfriend preform in the musical Wild Party as the lead role Queenie; she was so great in her role and I was so proud of her I even cried of happiness.
Having a great heart to heart conversation with my mother about my life.
I received a raise at work.
I took a trip out of town with a few friends a little over a month ago.
Took a nice long walk with my brother outside.
My boyfriend bought me cookies a an Italian deli.
I discovered a new app that lets you trade stocks without having to pay a trading commission for every transaction.
I got to snuggle with my cat for the first time in months.
i graduated from college
I was happy when I completed a difficult task at work.
I got a good score at my annual review
Kissing my Girl friend
I attended a networking event that went much better than I expected.
I got nominated for teacher of the year at school.
I completed a project along with my team members.
I got to see a new episode of my favorite show.
I went for a mile run and afterward I felt fantastic.
A student of mine told me a story about how classes have positively impacted their life.
My daughter graduated pre-school last week!
I stepped on the scale and I lost 2 pounds in the last week.
Past Monday I've built my first Gundam plastic model, I was so excited for how much fun I had and how cool the model looks that I couldn't sleep for two days!
I was able to rent a car and drive to a Leather contest 2 states over.
Progressed nicely in school today in regards to getting a project done.
I was enjoying myself earlier today working on a clients property; collecting twigs and debris in the warm sun out in the country.
I went shopping with my mother.
My ex and I started talking again
Today I got to be a super couponer at Walmart and walked around just buying things on the iBotta app.
I made a new personal record on my bench press.
finished a hand made mother's day gift a week early
I pet a cute dog at the park last week.
I just got my contract for next year with a decent raise.
My cousin, who I am pretty close to, is visiting with us for a month.
One event that made me happy was when my co-worker attended a meeting in my place.
I was able to swim at the community pool and sun tan all by myself, having the area to myself.
Today I got to eat greek food, which I had not had in a very long time.
when my daughter took her first steps
My cousin daughter called me
I went to see my Aunt
I watched a Cavs playoff game in which they won very easily.
I met my fitness goals for my bodyweight and cardio program.
what made me really happy was passing my classes.
I went to Las Vegas for my friend's birthday.
I got to see my favorite producer Deadmau5 live during his new tour.
YESTERDAY MY BIRTHDAY.
I received a fairly generous free sample of a product in the mail that will be useful.
My son learned how to say his name this week.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
MY COLLEGE LIFE IS VERY ENJOYMENT AND THE FUNNIEST MOMENT IN OUR LIFE
I saw a full colorful rainbow at sky after rain.
I went out to a fancy dinner with my partner for my birthday.
My mother in law gave me a surprise by gifting me my favourite watch
Attending my first rock concert at Rockville in Jacksonville with my husband.
I took over a new area at work.
Finished watching the television show "DC's Legends of Tomorrow: Season 2," a truly funny science-fiction show.
i love the movie bahubali that i watched yesterday that made me really happy for a period of time  and i still feel the happiness of it.
las few days ago i got a government job .. am very pleasure to say this because i worked a lot for that job
MY LOVER BIRTHDAY
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I completed a semester of college.
i am happy to going to temple
I went to a comedy show with a friend and it was really funny.
when i meet one of my friend who was in far distance and i met him for the first time.
I won some free yogurt at the grocery store.
The day with my wife
I WENT TO TEMPLE
A long prayer in mosque make feel happy and it gives me inner peace.
I was happy when I met a stranger on the train and had a nice chat with them about the weather.
I talked with my girl friend at morning
Our family went for a short vacation and we enjoyed a lot, had memorable moments together.
It made me happy to get new patio furniture so that we can enjoy sitting outside.
I got a new job that paid much better than the one I had.
After weeks of being unable to keep much food down, an ill family member was able to eat enough food.
I was very happy and excited to see my daughter and grandchildren since I have not seen them for 2 1/2 years.
Watched wrestling with my son.
My best friend got admission into one of the best B Schools.
I made a great breakfast.
We celebrated my wife's birthday and went to the Wisconsin Dells over the weekend.
I got a promotion at work.
There are two exciting soccer games scheduled for today and tomorrow and the prospect of enjoying each event with a few drinks excites me.
I got two puppies.
Eating a tasty chicken lunch that my wife prepared today.
I managed to do 11 chin-ups today.
My baby took a 1.5 hour nap instead of a 20minute nap and I was able to get some things done!
My cat actually played with me like a child yesterday; it was adorable.
I finished an art piece I've been working on.
I finished a semester of grad school.
I made pancakes this morning.
We bought my daughter a bike for her birthday, and it was awesome to see her reaction to it
I did not have to go into work today as there was nothing needing my attention.
I went to a music concert with friends.
I walked to the store and got ice cream.
My daughter came home straight from school to go shopping and spend time with me rather than hanging out with her friends.
My husband told me in a very calm tone that we need to stop this bickering and get on the same team and accomplish some things.
Getting paid from work
My morning coffee was extra good.
I finally got myself a Tony Luke's cheesesteak, it was just as delicious as I thought.
I was able to complete my Xanth paperback collection.
My daughter begun saying please and thank you.
I hung out at my boyfriend's place of work, a bar, on Cince de Mayo and got to spend time with people I had not seen in months.
I traveled to New York City to see family I had not seen in a long time.
Went to see my mom on Easter week.
When I found the apple watch I wanted for 70 dollars off made me and my wallet happy
I downloaded some pictures from my camera from an awesome weekend waterfall tour and they turned out awesome.
My new shoes fit my feet perfectly and now my feet don't hurt anymore.
I found the right carpet cleaner and I was finally able to rid of the cat pee smell in the house, which was a relief.
I bought a cute pair of boots.
I won a $25 gift certificate to target, one of my favorite stores!
My teammate has returned to work, which is helping me to accomplish all of our team goals, much faster and more efficiently.
Upgraded my old phone that I had for 3 years, to a new iPhone, which is faster and has many more features.
Tonight is taco night!
The day we drove down to the beach.
Ate some great shrimp fried rice with my mom for lunch
My favorite artist is playing locally and I got good tickets
I managed to have over my in-laws for dinner and the food was perfect and everyone had a good time!
I am still talking to my ex and may move to Seattle this fall.
I talked on the phone with my grandmother who lives in California.
I weighed myself, and it is the lowest it has been in two years.
I found a really good parking spot when I went to the mall.
I finally reached my target weight after months of diet and exercise.
Another event that made me happy was buying my new phone.
My sister finally finished laminating her floor so I am done having to drive 45 miles to help her with it for free.
My daughter got her first tooth without any fever or fussiness.
Meeting my new manager.
I got to see my grandmother one last time before she became ill.
My team won a soccer match last weekend against a stronger team.
A family friend gave me part of a cow, which should last me through the rest of the year for red meat.
Getting news that I may have a new job soon
I finally got a judge confirmed for our wedding!
Today, when I did substitute teaching, I ended up at an enjoyable placement at the Juvenile Home.
having a great workout
Sleeping next to my wife at night, giving her a hug.
I was able to spend time with my family and pet on a nice day.
I signed a lease renewal for our apartment after doing a little bit of searching.
I went out to eat with my friends.
I got my paycheck from work.
I was extremely happy when my daughter got a prize in drawing competition for kids in school last month
I finished a piece of homework that I was having difficulty with.
I used up the groceries that I had purchased from the past week without any of them spoiling.
I was happy when I finished a project at work that was quite difficult.
Getting a maine lobster roll from a food truck that was at the soccer game, it was really good!
The snow we received a few days ago is gone and the roads are clear.
I felt happy and excited when I learned that my daughter passed her exam in college.
Taking a spa day with my sister in law.
My cat recovered from an illness and returned to his normal happy self.
I got free fries from McDonald's.
Attending church back home in Pittsburgh again
Had a fun hike with my dog into the hills
my friend sent me a funny picture that i completely forgot about.
My wife sold a print of her artwork and signed, for the first time, using my last name.
Seeing my family after returning from being abroad
a family function all relatives to gether and make event happy
I went to Trader Joe's and picked out a lot of good food items (some of them brand new and sounded really good).
I felt very happy when my son got all dressed up and took a girl to the high school prom.
I joined party with team after We won against warriors 120-100 and  I was mvp of the match
I finished first in individual points in my bowling league.
I got a really good cup of coffee from a booth at the Farmer's Market and a nice almond croissant, which were both delicious.
LAST MONTH I AM GOING TO MY GRANDMOTHER HOUSE.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I booked an anniversary vacation with my husband no children tonight.
My parents bought a futon for me and my boyfriend so we didn't have to sleep on an inflatable mattress anymore.
The weather is nice enough to wear shorts again.
I watched a sunrise at nearby beach.
One of my coworkers surprised me with donuts after I had had a difficult Monday.
My daughter had lost her first tooth and she was so excited and asked me so many questions about the tooth fairy.
WE HAVE TO TRAVELLING  THE UNITED STATES  AND  IT SAW MANY ATTRACTIVE PLACE IT WAS HAPPINESS  IN MY LIFE
Travelling Dubai with my family
i love the movie bahubali that i watched yesterday that made me really happy for a period of time  and i still feel the happiness of it.
WE HAVE TO TRAVELLING THE UNITED STATES AND IT SAW MANY ATTRACTIVE  PLACE IT   SAW MANY ATTRACTIVE PLACE IT  WAS HAPPINESS IN MY LIFE
I inherited a bunch of new good quality clothing.
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION
CELEBRATED MY BIRTHDAY PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS
CELEBRATED MY BIRTHDAY PARTY WITH MY FRIENDS
WE HAVE TO TRAVELLING THE THE UNITED STATES AND IT SAW MANY ATTRAVTIVE PLACE IT WAS HAPPINESS IN MY LIFE
CELEBRATE MY DAUGHTER BIRTHDAY WITH MY FAMILY
We watched Rocky Horror Picture Show for the first time.
I ate a huge meal of Korean chicken stir fry and for some reason (probably pregnancy), it seemed like the best meal I had ever eaten.
I WENT TO VOCATIONAL TRIP ON MYSORE AND ALSO JOIN MY FAMILY FRIENDS AND RELATION AND I WENT TO MYSORE PALACE THAT IS VERY AMAZING THAT MOMENT ENJOY VERY HAPPY.
When I reunite with my Husband.Though I was pregnant,we were separated at my 3rd month of pregnancy.But at the 9th month of my pregnancy,we were reunited.He first hugged me and kissed me on my Forehead.That time,tears rolled down from my eyes.That was my emotionally Happiest moment of my Life.
My Birthday was very special as my mom bought me new cake and dress
The time i came to know that my younger sister completed her graduation with good academic marks.
I received a beautiful note from my daughter celebrating my birthday.
i made break fast last one month
I was able to help strip the deck paint.
Spending an afternoon at Pike Place Market shopping and watching the street performers.
I got to go to the gym today after not being able to go for the last five days or so.
I finally cleaned out my closet.
My sister started going to a new school and she told me she loves it.
My son read (somewhat) of his favorite book to me.
I saw a Great Blue heron land in my back yard, walk around for a while, then take off.
I bought a brand new BMW
My health insurance finally got sorted out after 5 months of going back and forth with the company after it had been wrongly terminated
Someone messaged me on Facebook I have not seen in a while.
I went for a trip to my favorite destinations.
I had dinner with my wife.
I was able to get a really good deal on pizza when I was hungry.
Finally found some super high quality mj.
I was happy when my mother told me she had successfully defended her dissertation.
Went to a concert with my girlfriend.
About three months ago, I got a dog
I saw a cute kitty.
getting a phone case for my iPhone 7 Plus
I got approved to Mturk a few days ago and been making a nice amount of money.
I negotiated with my cable provider and was able to save over $20 each month with a new package I signed up for!
I moved to my new apartment
I was happy when I got tickets to see the Miami Marlins when I go to florida.
I got a promotion at work.
I ate some sushi at my favorite restaurant on half-off sushi rolls day.
Going shopping with my mom makes me happy.
Spending time with my family for my niece's 10th birthday.
I went to the park and spent time with my husband and daughter.
Our puppy finally got all his teeth, so I can stop paying sixty dollars on food a month it's only thirteen.
Buying my girlfriend a gift for her birthday
I got a dog.
Finally watching a movie I've been wanting to see
I found hidden candy I had forgotten about in the cabinet.
A friend told me that I am her closest friend and that I've helped her in many ways.
I paid off my car.
I had dinner with some old friends a few days ago.
My wife and I went out to eat on Sunday to an all-you-can-eat restaurant and enjoyed the quality of the food very much
I got a raise at work a month ago after being here for close to 3 years and working very hard.
I got my fiance to come for a date with me after we have separated for several months.
I ate at one of my favorite restaurants this weekend, Olive Garden.
The day our family went out to the family festival.
I played with my neighbor's new puppy.
i got engaged
I finally got the last achievement on a horrible game that I played for the sole purpose of achievement farming.
I fixed my computer.
I sold an old tablet I thought was useless for easy money on ebay.
My son did his piano practice without me telling him to.
I found 5 dollars in my pocket!
Listening to a good song.
I visited my girlfriend at her university for a few days.
My husband surprised me with a very special dessert, just because.
I went on a fun vacation.
I bought a bunch of things to clean my house with.
My nephews came back from Costa Rica and I had missed them so much!
My younger brother went to Prom with his girlfriend; it was super sweet and I was so proud of him.
I was able to sign up for classes for graduate school.
My favorite NBA team advanced to the Western Conference finals.
I laid out in the sun after a long stretch of rain.
Researching and figuring out how to repair an issue with my car to pass inspection without paying a mechanic.
I watched my favorite basketball team, Cleveland Cavaliers, sweep the Toronto Raptors in the second round of the NBA playoffs.
I went to see Guardians of the Galaxy 2 with some friends and the whole movie just put a smile on all of our faces for it's comedic value as well as stellar soundtrack.
Playing with my pets for a big part of the day cheered my day right up
We got some free Angel Food cake and it was delicious.
I met a new girlfriend here recently, Im very happy to be with her and feel very blessed for the opportunity to be with her for that I am very excited.
I passes all my examinations in my course.
I had a conversation with a guidance counselor on my future career choices, and things went particularly well.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
woke up early enough to mow the lawn and have the rest of my day free with my family
Saw an old friend that I haven't seen in a long time due to school
Made some unexpected money and could pay off a bill.
I went to my friend's wedding two weeks ago and it was a blast.
Met some new friends during my stay at the clinic.
Finding out I was pregnant made me happy.
In last week am went my sister house suddenly in the middle night because of that day her marriage day so am went my sister house in middle night I can never forget that surprised and happy look on her face.
In the past week my puppy has become better at being house-trained.
Our missing pet reappeared under our deck.
I got a new car.
Having a cat come up to me today and give me a massage--made me feel special.
Got my sons' (2 of them) pictures taken.
Sharing some roasted corn with my coworker at lunch.
Renting a new apartment for the fall made me happy
My son talked to my wife and I and he told us he is getting married soon.
I was happy when I went to the casino and won 400 dollars.
My son got all A's on his report card.
when my crush accepted my proposel im too happy
I purchased one new phone
I went shopping at American Eagle Outfitters and bought three new pairs of shorts that looked really nice on me.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I did my first horse ride on a beach last month.
I picked out some delicious chocolates and a card for my wife for Mother's Day.
I made a great sandwich.
I attended a musical concert in my city with family.
I went to a painting event for a friend's birthday and created art.
I felt really happy last week because I got to break my diet and have a few slices of pizza...and then after eating it the next day was happy to get back to working out.
MY COLLEGE LIFE IS VERY ENJOYMENT AND THE FUNNIEST MOMENT IN OUR LIFE
Getting into the habit of daily mturk HITs again.
I took a day off to enjoy a nice day.
I got my favourite colored shirt as a gift from my sister.
PLAYING FOOTBALL WITH MY FRIENDS DURING RAIN WITH MUD ALL OVER THE BODY.
i love the movie bahubali that i watched yesterday that made me really happy for a period of time  and i still feel the happiness of it.
GOA TRIP WAS SO NICE AND WONDERFUL PLACES WE HAVE SEEN AND ENJOYED A LOT WITH MY FAMILY AND RELATIVES AND FRIENDS THE WHOLE DAY I HAD A GOOD TIME AND BEAUTIFUL MEMORIES IN MY FUTURE
BEFORE LAST MONTH I GOT A GIFT FROM MY FATHER.. THATS A BIG SURPRISE FOR ME
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
MY FAMILYES ARE GOING TO MADURAI MAY 10
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY
happy to talking friends
My cat woke me up to crawl on my belly and begin purring.
I BUILT MY OWN FIRM ON DAY BEFORE THE DAY ITS MINE FIVE YEARS DREAM  SINCE THAT TIME  GETTING MORE GRACEFUL
We all friends welt to Bahubali and enjoyed a lot
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
My spouse surprised me with flowers the other day, I felt so loved and happy.
I bought a new car
My cat was sleeping on me and it made me happy.
Today I received brownies made by a 6 year old, best birthday cake ever.
my husband got appreciation from his boss for his neat and timely work and for his perfect suggestions i was so happy that my husbands boss will now consider his promotion
In the past 3mth I got a increment in my job n my pay was increase more then I expected .i was very happy
I went on a walk when nobody else was around, so I had total privacy.
I met my old school friend and we had a chat for two hours and it made me happy
I unexpectedly got enough gift cards for our monthly grocery budget.
I got the kitchen rehab finished.
I went to a giant EDM festival and it allowed me to enjoy myself with a lot of people that had similar interests that I had.
My daughter moved back after her first completed year of college.
My happiest event is that yesterday i have went to office after returning to home it was raining at that time because of raining one tree was falled above of one old man so i will tensed and save that old man so its felt me very happy.
I have my birthday last week.I was not intend to celebrate my party.But my family and my friends secretly planned to celebrate my birthday without my knowledge.I was very surprised about my secret birthday party with friends.i felt extremely happy at that moment.
very nice days
I got good grades last semester at school.
i played foot ball
I made my monthly bonus for April
I learned how to swim.
My favorite NBA team won their playoff game yesterday.
Just know we went for shopping I buyer my favourite color Saree its too good color red I just love it
My parents came to visit
The event that made me happy is when I purchased my first home.
I had a great time at my best friends's party, it was great because I saw many people I hadnt seen in a while.
My team won a game in the UEFA Champion's League and will most likely continue on to the finals.
My fiance and I had a good time relaxing at our favorite all inclusive resort in Cancun, Mexico.
My son got his first bank account.
I gained acceptance to the graduate program that I was most interested in.
Back on Sunday, I finished the Broad Street Run, which is a 10-mile race in Philadelphia.
My son turned 1 years old and we had a party.
I've been main good money at my main job lately.
I'm pregnant with our second child and my husband and I found out yesterday we are having a girl.
I was happy because I bought a new pair of shoes
My family went out to eat at 13 Bones steakhouse and had a delicious lunch together.
I bought a new flavor of coffee just so that I could try something new and when I drank it I really liked it.
I walked my dogs at the park.
My dog finally stopped pulling when she's on a leash
My happy moment was when the game I made was finished because it was the first project in a long time that I wanted to do myself rather than doing what I thought I had to.
I bough new luggage
I had my birthday and I got a surprise party.
I was extremely happy when, about two weeks ago, my son in his first year of soccer scored his first goal.
I saw Guardians of the Galaxy 2.
My birthday because I got more attention on me than I have for a while.
My second son was born last month and his safe arrival made me very happy.
I celebrated my wedding anniversary.
I was happy that my second boy preferred to sleep with me instead of his mother, I feel accomplished.
I had wonderful birthday celebration with friends.
I ate some Chick-fil-A and it was delicious.
I decided I will look for other type of work.
Made me happy to be able to feed my child today.
This past Monday, one of my best friend's from college came to spend the night and in the morning we went out to breakfast.
We took a random road trip in Michigan along the lake.
My son finally got the dog to do the rollover trick without having to give him a treat because he did it with just a voice command.
I graduated with my Master's.
What made me happy in the past 3 months is being able to roller blade with my friends.
I got an A in my hardest course of the semester.
Going to dinner with friends.
I visited my sister's new apartment and saw my niece.
My son managed to get admission into his choice stream and he was happy which made me happy.
I had a really funny interaction with a coworker this morning.
I went and played kiddie golf with my daughter last weekend.
I spent a week volunteering and camping at the second largest aviation fly-in in the world.
I went on a trip with my family and relatives for 3 days which made me happy.
I have birth to my daughter.
I got to hang out with friends and play board games.
That Day, i got a mail from a company with an offer letter for joining as Engineering Trainee.
I went to the Ren Faire with friends and had a good time.
I discovered that I had two old game consoles that are still functioning and I've been able to play old games again and go down memory lane.
I win $250 playing blackjack.
The NBA team that I root for, the Spurs, won game 5 of the playoff series against the Rockets last night.
i got new jewels for my mom in first earnings
I watched the trailer for the new Blade Runner movie and it brought back lots of nostalgic memories from the first film.
A friend helped cover the cost for a car repair.
I got a picture of a mama house finch feeding her fledgling chick in the back yard.
Spending the weekend with my mom.
Completing a project a work
I got accepted into a doctoral program
Receiving too much change at a store.
I was made happy when my brother was accepted into college.
This afternoon, we had lovely weather and I was able to spend ample time out of doors.
I was able to complete a challenging workout successfully
My 16 year old grandson got a part-time job as a "white hat" hacker to assist companies in protecting their information systems.
I have started doing yoga and getting my body into shape
Getting a raise!
When I took a shower in very hot day
today i got a filling in a tooth that's made it hard for me to eat
Holding my son, Gabriel, right after he was born.
I got a new job offer which offered me a lot more money
I went to the grocery store and was able to purchase more than I anticipated for a very limited amount of money.
we did a family picnic that my all family, including nieces, nephews, all was there.
I fixed an error on my computer.
I got a phone call I didn't expect.
I watched my daughter shake Mickey Mouse's hand
I got a new zero grav lounge chair to take to the beach
Going out to eat with family and friends
I found a five dollar bill in the pocket of my jeans.
An event that occurred to me in the last 3 months was I won tickets to WWE wrestling in a raffle event for a cause.
I was able to go out to lunch with my friends and have great conversation.
I finished running the Boston Marathon.
Spending time with my friends, watching movies with them.
My son went on a long field trip and had a really good time.
My family came to my graduation and they had to take a 6 hour plane ride.
I reorganized my itunes library so I could binge listen to my favorite music in one playlist when I was relaxing at home.
A coworker played a really creative and funny prank on me and I finally got him back.
I had a nice conversation with a stranger in line at the grocery store.
Yesterday I took my son and his sister to a new park where they had a lot of fun and met some new kids.
I got to see my daughter take her first steps after a long time of trying to get the hang of standing upright.
I went to my favorite takeout place for lunch yesterday with a few colleagues.
It was my birthday, and my wife and daughter surprised me with some surprise guests and a small party.
A client of mine through TaskRabbit liked my work so much that she's asked me to do recurring work for her.
The day I was given a puppy as a gift.
When I finally bought the apple watch Ive been wanting for a while now.
My  husband surprised me with a weekend getaway to our favorite hotel for our 6th wedding anniversary.
I rescued and rehabilitated two abandoned baby possums.
We watched Porco Rosso for the first time.
I went to the cinema to see a new release with my wife and kids.
My younger son celebrate their birthday with family
I found and watched a FIVE hour behind the scenes documentary for the Hobbit: Desolation of Smaug on YouTube.
I was in training all day yesterday so I did not have to go to work.
I had an amazing sushi all you can eat lunch a couple of days ago.
I WENT TO A MOVIE THAT WAS REALLY NICE THE MOVIE OF THE CONCEPT WAS VERY NICE REALLY I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I WENT TO OOTY WITH MY FAMILY
i am meet for school friends 5 years after
I got a new kitten from the local shelter.
I had dinner with new friends.
Fun meal at Red Robin, love the onion rings, burger and beer, talking with our favorite bartender whom we've known well for years.
Last week my boss increase my salary and promotion also, Its a happiest moment for me.
I got a new perfume
My daughter's good grades made me happy because she worked really hard this past term and was struggling in math
My husband told me I looked beautiful.
Found a full time job finally.
Seeing our teaching schedule for next year (and the last day being May 29th) made me happy, summer will be longer.
It made me happy when I won an award at home.
I planned an upcoming trip to Texas for leisure.
I was happy when I came home from a bad day at work and saw that my boyfriend had surprised me with my favorite dessert.
I was happy that my daughter took me out for the day for my Birthday.
My daughter turns her head when you call her name and smiles for the first time.
My boyfriend bought me a game that I had just played a demo for and really enjoyed.
After being stumped on it for a while, I finally thought of a good Mother's Day gift for my mom.
I got to go on vacation to my favorite spot.
I took a big bite out of a bagel with cheese on it yesterday
I recently completed all of my final exams for the semester and successfully finished my second year of college.
I am happy that we went to the lake over the weekend.
My son's 3rd birthday party is on Saturday, and I'm so happy about how excited he is.
I've begun looking into a home to buy, and am excited.
My husband bought me flowers for no reason.
I set up a picnic for my kids outside in their tree house so they could eat dinner nicely outside.
Watching my son play baseball.
I bought my mom a Mother's day gift.
We have been needing a new bed for a while, so about two weeks ago we went to the furniture store and purchased a new mattress.
I booked a good lead at work and got a bonus.
I drank some soda.
Just relaxing and watching Doctor who.
unexpectedly met my school time friend in a private function it was around 10 yrs after we met really very happy
my daughter saying a new word
I went on a cruise with my parents, two of my aunts and my boyfriend around the Mediterranean.
I had a delicious meal last night that I didn't have to prepare myself.
My uncle congratulated me for fixing his car, he usually just gruffs but yesterday he was actually a very decent person.
I went to my first major league baseball game in Tampa Fl.
While playing out a show at one of the local watering holes I was complimented on the songs I played and my mixing abilities.
A friend asked me to take care of their dogs while they were on vacation.
My partner bought me a cute t shirt.
My programmer friend told me that the idea I had for an app was the only one that has ever been pitched to him that he thought was good and he wants to help me create it as a partner.
I was happy for my daughter when she took a great vote for her french, she worked so hard for it, and was closed in her room above her books for days.
My son doing well on his AP exams
Watching a comedy movie with a friend.
I bought a new laptop computer.
I purchased a used car.
I got to work with kids at a day camp.
My husband brought me home my favorite pastry as a surprise.
I find a job that i loved so much.We had great staff and got many friends during that time.And now i'm feeling that i'm not working,i'm just enjoying every moment.
I finally got Windows 10 installed and working on my Mac.
My uncle helped me repair my porch.
I found out about this cinnamon coffee that I really love.
I the past three month, I was happy when my boyfriend got the big job he was wanting!
I got an article published.
My happiest moment is......for my  birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly  that day i was so exited....i cant forget that day in my life,that was my first surprise given by my dad..
We celebrated my twin 2 year old's birthdays.
I got needed exercise and felt comfortable around my peers.
My friend invited me to a party and I had a fantastic time with the people there
I discovered a great new restaurant in town and went there with some friends.
I made a 97 on one of my tests in Solid Mechanics class.
I tried a watermelon milkshake for the first time and enjoyed it very much.
I played some tennis with my family.
I bought a plane ticket home to see my family.
Went outside for a hike
My dog did well in training.
I facetimed my grandparents who live far away from me now.
I got a chance to see a movie that I was waiting for to come out for a long time.
Visiting my old college for an alumni game.
I got a job promotion
My son finished the state testing for 4th grade, and no longer has to worry about it.
I got an A on my managerial accounting final.
I was able to pass my accounting exam with a 94, I studied extremely hard.
Having four days off work in a row.
I got a new job this week!
I got hired for a new job at a company that I've been interested in working with for a few years.
My daughter was selected for the lead in her school's play.
I CELEBRATED MY FIRST ANNIVERSARY.
I have discovered a lot of great albums this year.
WE BOUGHT A NEW HOUSE.
I enjoyed the walk long around the neighborhood last night and looked at the night sky.
During my performance evaluation at work I was given nothing but compliments for the first time since I can remember.
I have started a new business.
I ate at my favorite restaurant for the first time in weeks.
My friend got financial problems so she asked me to give some money so at that time i didn't have money with me finally i asked to my parents,they gave me some money i felt very happy and i have helped to my friend.
My husband took us for a drive.
Buying my girlfriend a gift for her birthday
my mom birthday
I took a trip down to Garden of the Gods with my family.
I got the living room and the kitchen almost entirely unpacked
Seeing my little sister so willingly want to exercise and eat healthy when I asked her to do it with me.
I had good foods
In the past 3mth my staff gave me a suprise party for my birthday n I was so happy to get that suprise n love from my colleagues
Last month my father give me a gift of bike on my birthday surprise gift, Its a happiest for me.
i met a stunning girl in a marriage reception.
My favorite baseball team is currently on a six game winning streak.
I was lucky enough to be able to fly home and see my little brother graduate from college after he took 2 years off and we never thought he would go back.
I bought a new car, after not having one for a long time.
I was very happy when my best friend called in April to say that she was expecting a baby.
My mom and sister found a home to live in, when they were previously homeless.
My son and his girlfriend came last weekend and we went up to MSU and hung out on the campus all day and had dinner together.
The birth of my second son.
I found out I get to travel to Japan next year during Cherry Blossom season.
A requester on Mturk gave me a bonus, just because.
I finished the second-to-last book of Stephen King's Dark Tower series, a series I've been reading for about a year and am excited to finish soon after having it on my reading list for a long time.
I went to the local humane society and adopted a kitten.
I went for a nature walk through a nearby nature reserve on a beautiful day, it was very relaxing and I enjoyed everything about it.
A friend I hadn't talked to in a while got a hold of me and wanted to hang out.
Went to see a Broadway show 2 months ago, had an awesome time
My son learned how to ride his bike.
I had the best mturk day ever.
Watching my daughter dance at her recital.
My aunt bought a beautiful house in February near Lake Wallenpaupack.
I had someone else pay for my lunch while at work.
When I was given a chance to take the summer to make up an assignment from a year ago.
Earning my highest day ever on MTurk.
I got to talk with my grandma on the phone while I went for a walk.
I learned some new stuff on the guitar.
Running a mile in under 8 minutes for the first time
I got to celebrate Easter with our entire family.
When I tried making my own hummus at home and it turned out pretty good.
Making plans to attend a concert out of state that I really want to see.
I was given the opportunity to stop working to care for my child full time, the moment I quit felt amazing.
watched a big game at a buddy's house
My husband started putting a small note in my purse each morning before he leaves for work so the next time I open it, I'll be reminded of him.
I was happy, when I went for my admission to school for the first time.
Last week when I went shopping found the last marked down chicken, at a very good clearance price, which meant we could have grilled chicken!
Snuggling on the couch with my boyfriend after a long day at work.
I discovered a new genre of music I like (future funk).
There were some misunderstanding with my best friend and he called me a speaks with me very friendly and we cleared all problem, That was a very happy situation for me.
I found a nickel on the floor at the gym.
I am happy because I saw my cousin get married.
Getting hired to work on freelance graphic design work.
I found out that one of my staff members won an award.
I was recently talking to a friend about a potential job opportunity after i graduate, so i make take him up on the offer if things go well.
I updated my resume to quit my job soon
I got to relax at the end of the day and watch a show I love with my spouse.
My friend brought her dog over.
I bought some brand new clothes for the summer.
The new game I ordered from Amazon arrived.
The day I got my Degree at farewell function
A customer at work brought in cookies for the staff as thanks for something we helped him with.
Successfully started a diet.
I quit my job after feeling very depressed and I now feel relieved.
My husband and I got to go on a date.
I was able to enjoy the nice day and take a short walk.
I was able to use my in-store rewards to save money on a shopping purchase.
My friends and I put together a nice homemade lunch for a group and it turned out perfectly with very pleasant company
I recently scored very well on my board exam!
I finally made the decision on which telescope I am going to purchase for my first one so am very excited about that.
I was complimented on my work at my place of employment.
I learned some new things, and it's a great feeling to learn something new.
I was able to babysit with a grandma and hear her life story, which was very interesting.
i attended one function at orphanage...had a lunch with kids..it was nice time
I have a date coming up in two weeks.
My sister in-law had a successful surgery for what was early signs of breast cancer.
After my family and I watched a game at the ballpark today, we stopped and got hot dogs and fries.
It's warm enough to use the air conditioner today.
My wife made a great dinner, my favorite, BBQ ribs.
I received gifts and cards from friends and loved ones after my surgery.
I got a promotion at work.
Season 2 of a show I like came out.
I got all A's on my homework in math class.
I went home to see my parents and sister.
I got first place in regionals to my swim team.
Seeing improvement in my language studies.
Reflecting on all the success my tech startup has had in the way of expanding our team.
I started planning a Caribbean vacation for August.
A few days ago I was happy to watch my child and his little league team win the tournament.
My son won his flag football tournament.
Yesterday at lunch I tried a new sandwich place and it turned out to be great.
I got a promotion at my workplace.
When I got a Nintendo Switch.
I found a way to make money to save up for a vacation.
I saved up enough money for a game I really wanted
I did a lot of efficient cleaning work and felt contented with how clean things were.
My son can now read 3-letter word.
I saw a butterfly land on my cats nose.
I was able to complete a laptop image last minute for a new employee that was hired and for whom paperwork did not come through on time, which made his supervisor very happy, and myself as a direct result.
In the past 3 months, my best friend got married
A new Charles Willeford book showed up in my library system.
I went to a restaurant with friends
My fiance proposed to me in front of my family in the beginning of March.
After I saw my favorite band from Germany in concert, I was able to actually meet them and take a photo with them.
I made my favorite noodle soup which is Tonkotsu ramen.
My girlfriend and I managed to solve why our cat kept using the linoleum as a restroom - turns out she was not sick at all!
A professional video game team I watch did really well at a tournament.
The weather that day was much nicer than had been forecast.
I ordered bubble tea for lunch.
I bought a dozen donuts, more specifically, cronuts.
Just a few days ago, I traveled with my wife to Saginaw, MI, and got to see a couple of friends there.
Turking enough money to get my kids some birthday presents.
The weather was wonderful and I was able to fully immerse myself in it for a while.
I was very happy when my daughter returned from a trip out of the US!
My son and his family came to visit us today, they live on the other side of the state, so we don't get to see them very often.
I played frisbee golf with my good friends.
Library cooking class
I planned a week long vacation to Florida.
My parents surprised me with an electric lawnmower, which makes maintaining my yard much easier.
My wife grilled shrimp for dinner the other night.
The get together with my friends.we went a long trip of seven days and there are couple of old conversation with rejuvenate the past and comes the smile in our faces.As everyone is almost in good stage all are earning good in their life and after that finally get together brings a smile in our face.
I lifted weights for the first time in months
I got an entire day to myself so I went to the beach and relaxed all day.
When my twins accidentally fell and miraculously weren't hurt.
I went out to dinner with a girl i have not seen in a long time.
I feel very happy in last month because of my company celebrates events that day am dance without thinking about the world so am happy in that day.
It made me very happy to buy me a new watch in an online store.
I had a smoothie today and I really liked it.
Attending a 90th birthday party for a friend.
One event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I got an interview for my dream job.
I was accepted in to a competitive study abroad program for the fall.
when i made love with my girlfriend.
I received a promotion at work and received an increase in pay because of it.
My son is weaned off of his binky & sleeps all night now
I came home from vacation to see my very excited dog.
Got accepted into a work from home position, just waiting to sign some papers now.
Spending with my family on going to next city, movies and other entertainments to spend my kids vacations which makes us happy and enjoyment for the past 15 days
My mother kissed me when i gave her a cake.
I taught a group of preschooler at church and they all really paid attention.
I went to a baseball game with friends.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I got two job offers on the same week.
I purchased a new bicycle and rode several miles for the first time in almost a decade.
My grandmother had a vacation in our house for two weeks.
I received a phone call informing me I was accepted to my grad school of choice, with scholarship funding.
I am very happy when my younger brother is open a new business to expand his business.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Finally getting all the mother day gifts out the way and not waiting at the last minute.
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION ON 14/03/2017
I got married last month.
My sons father is almost done with school
In the past three months I received a great bonus at work and it made me very proud and happy.
past month me and my boys gang went for a leisure trip which is really awesome experience.
I was happy when I had a relaxing moment after work and put on a facemask and watched tv.
I fixed my cars motor mount with my dad.
got a gift from my uncle
I found a good song on youtube.
I received my prepurchased copy of Nier Automata for the PS4 via the mail.
I purchased a new car and paid for half of it in cash.
Yesterday, I had pancakes for breakfast, after a long time.
Being recognized for outstanding work during our monthly division meeting by my Division Director.
traveling to netherlands after my marriage
I ordered some snacks and they were really good.
A couple of months ago I received my first fan letter from someone who loved my novel.
My cat who had been lost returned home.
I month ago, when I finished my PhD thesis.
Hearing the good news of my sister in-laws wedding!
I made bread for the first time and it turned out really well.
My uncle bought tickets for me, him, and my two cousins to go see a Yankees game in July.
I was very happy when my girlfriend flew from California to Washington, DC to spend my birthday with me.
Got takeout sushi for dinner last night
My son finally figured out how to crawl correctly and not just scoot on his stomach.
I got a new phone for my birthday.
The birth of my twin son this past April.
I got married one month ago.
I got into Harvard and will be studying math.
I went out to eat with my boyfriend and the pizza we ordered was delicious!
Spring arrived and the beautiful, sunny weather made me feel refreshed and energized.
Just this past week I got to see some of my favorite artists perform live at a festival in Miami; I was overjoyed to actually see them in person.
My daughter arrived last night for a visit!
Got to work early and was able to catch up and get some extra work done.
I celebrated my wedding anniversary.
I went hot tubbing with friends.
I went for a trip with friends.
When I got called to work on a localization for a game.
I got my degree
I went shopping and found a shirt that I love.
I was named team lead to a very large team project at work last week.
My wife and I found land that we really liked and plan to buy.
Looking at a new house with my wife.
I made my first 1000 on mechanical turk last week.
Going to my grandmother's birthday party with my whole family to eat dinner.
Within the past 3 months, I was able to retire from my job after 30 years of employment.
I was happy when portillos brought back the mint chocolate chip shake, it should be year round!
Things just managed to work out between me and my girlfriend.
I got a new tv.
I made the decision to drop out of my PhD program and pursue a full-time job instead.
I was hired for a part time job which will help supplement my income and help me in making ends meet.
I saw some animals at a zoo.
I lost five pounds of body fat.
Kentucky basketball landed their 6th five star recruit a week ago.
I watched baseball with my dad.
The tavern near my house added a veggie burger to their menu.
I went home to see my dog wagging her tail.
Our rescue dog was found to finally be free of heartworms that we'd been treating him for.
I became a trainer at work and finished teaching my first trainee.
I got to see my friend's new puppy.
I got to see my best friend and her baby.
I was really happy when I got to see my grandma for her birthday.
I made a tasty lunch.
My 8 month old daughter received her first tooth without any fever or fussiness.
I was able to spend a day at home just lazing around, playing video games and reading.
I felt happy when I saw a baby laugh.
I bought a new suitcase.
Buying a new car
When I passed my math test last week, i felt accomplished
The workflow was steady but not unreasonably ruthless and it kept me smiling.
I slept in late and made a big breakfast.
I was happy when I got to drink soda for the first time in a month
I was able to get a new iPhone.
I found out about a new documentary about cats that I can watch for free!
My wife made homemade cookies.
I got home 20 minutes earlier than usual after going to work on my new schedule.
I got a coupon to go out to dinner on!
I finalized my vacation plans.
My happiest moment in my life .for my 20th birthday my mother presented me a new smart iphone that day i was so exited....i cant forget that day in my life.
I received positive feedback on a program I wrote.
my presentation at work went well
I was able to get a few workouts done when I had a busy day.
Another thing that made me happy was I shared inspirational quotes and stories with co-workers and they responded positively to them.
I ate an ice cream sandwich that cost like a dollar, and I was happy because it tasted so good and I was super hungry.
I bought a new game system with money i had saved up
My two oldest granddaughters came to paint our dining room and kitchen.
Going golfing with my dad and brother made me happy.
the day i bought my first DSLR,Photography is my hobby i planned to buy one dslr for more than a year finally i bought last month to click my little baby that day made me happy
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
My favorite TV show has new episodes
Building a window flower box for my wife.
We purchased a new desktop computer.
We went to a blockbuster movie last week and my kid enjoyed the most.
My grandfather called me and talked.
Disassembled and put back together a aircraft engine that ran with very little problems at school.
Last month I got a good incentive with my salary and that moment makes me feel happy.
I went to Goa last month with my wife and had a great experience there and I am happy.
I Bought a new car for myself and my family.
My usual breakfast tasted better than it usually does.
I WANT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
When my family babysat my children so my husband and I could have an evening alone it made me very happy.
I memorized a yoga mantra from my yoga guru.
I WANT TO SHOPPING
I met for food with friends and colleagues from school.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I bought a new video game a few days ago
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My wife is celebrating of my son's birthday last night
In this summer vacation,I had a summer camp on trekking with nice food over the lunch time.
I did really well in an ultimate Frisbee game.
My husband and I finally finished restoring the old deck at our new house.
My three-year old son knows that I always make his big sister's lunch in the mornings, and when he woke up he jumped out of bed and said "let's make Sissy's lunch!"
My birthday was on last month.I was not interested to celebrate my party.But my friends secretly planned to celebrate my birthday without my knowledge.I was very happy about my surprise birthday party.i felt extremely happy at that moment.
I've been on, and followed,a strict diet for 2 months and finally had ice cream as a reward.
The day with my wife
Eating an Easter lunch with my family made me happy.
I got hired as a personal trainer yesterday and it made me so happy because its what I wanted to do for a long time.
Dancing to the songs on the Trolls movie made me happy.
Another event in the past 3 months that made me happy would be when i got an A in my java class this semester.
I went for horse riding and it made me happy
I am very happy when i go to a small picnic tour to florida beach.
Having enough money to pay all of my bills for the month
I WENT TO SHOPPING
MY 4TH MONTH ANNIVERSARY IN MAY 24
MY BROTHER BIRTHDAY
An event that made me happy in the past three months was getting a 4.15 GPA for the term
I got phone 7 for my wife
I WENT TO FRIEND MARRIAGE  AND ALSO I MEET MY COLLAGE  FRIENDS ALSO PRESENT BEAUTIFUL GIFT I ENJOY THAT FUNCTION.
My lovely husband fixed my pc for me so I don't have to pay got it to be repairs.
I got an award for the most outstanding employee of the month last month and that made me happy.
A cashier at the store recognized me and told me she was happy to see me because she hadn't seen me shopping there in a while.
I meet my son girlfriend
I repayed some of my debt to the person I had taken it from earlier.
enjoyed a party with my family
I heard one of my favorite songs from the 80's on the radio.
I got a promotion at work.
I felt happy when My mom was awarded a new house in Florida.
I made an excellent batch of chili
I went to the zoo with my wife and son because he had been behaving really well for a whole week.
I saw my future wood bee on my native temple festival
I learned something new last week that is helping me every day.
After having a bad night last week, my husband brought home a beautiful bouquet of flowers the next day to cheer me up.
I got an article published.
My daughter moved home from college.
I drove 3 hours to another major city with some friends to check out our favorite baseball team playing a game there.
My best friend graduated from college.
My brothers daughter met us after 15 years accidentally.which made me happy.
While my boyfriend and I were out to eat last night, we unexpectedly ran into friends and spent the rest of the evening catching up.
My wife bought me a new shirt.
Last month my boss give me bonus and promotion also its happiest moment for me.
I read a very funny pepe comic online.
Going to our local  park with my family and having the energy and physical stamina to run and play with my kids made me happy.
I won a $100 Amazon gift card at a company event.
I bought a mechanical string toy for my cat who was bored and still loves the toy to this day.
The result was published at around 11.00 am and I found that I did exceptionally well.
I got a new tv.
I made my first eggs benedict.
I was selected for On-sight process in abroad with promotion made me happy.
I enjoyed treating my wife to a nice dinner and giving her presents on her birthday.
Received a free pizza for answering a survey.
Listening to music.
We ate at Cheddar's today for lunch.
get a new galaxy s8
Planning my next vacations, they will be my  first international ones.
Being able to order some pretty rare and hard to get beer
My husband snuck ice cream for me into our grocery budget.
Happy that I just found out I'm getting a floating holiday at work!
I was able to change my schedule to see the new Marvel Studios film with my wife.
I got accepted into a movie club in my local area where I am meeting new people.
Finding out that an Eggo waffle sandwich with gourmet cheese and vegan chicken nuggets is hella delightful on the tongue.
I put in to take this friday off and it was approved.
I watched Doctor Strange.
I received a free television set.
The computer monitor I ordered is on it's way for delivery.
I finally got to have my lunch at work today after working non-stop
Accomplished a personal record at the gym.
I went Swimming in the Ocean
I had a business idea that I can launch from my home.
I went to see my sister who lives in a different state.
I needed to buy some stone and when I went to the store it was on sale and got it half price!
I found a bunch of new music from one of my favorite artists of all time.
This made me happy when my sister found out that she is going to be a mom, we are all so excited and happy at the same time.
My friends had acquired a new dog, and it was gorgeous.
I got to see Lebron James play basketball in person for the first time.
In 2008 I felt some much excitement when I accepted into the air force
I managed to motivate myself to spend several hours a day applying to jobs and preparing for interviewing.
i got some much needed notes on a project I am working on.
We bought a new car two weeks ago.
My wife and I went on a vacation to Hong Kong and Vietnam in March.
My cat curling up on my lap to sleep.
I went for a run and exercised during a nice, cool, sunny evening
I helped a friend move and his parents were really appreciative and made me dinner.
My favorite TV show returned after a hiatus, and I got to watch the season premiere.
I ate breadsticks with marina sauce for lunch.
I bought a new laptop.
I love watch movies with my wife and sons in my house
My family went for ice cream at a shop right at the corner of our street
I watch a funny video and laugh a lot.
ALL MY FRIENDS AND RELATIVES ARE CAME TO MY HOME FOR BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION SO I REALLY ENJOYED
I found this youtube series not long ago that has made me laugh harder than I've laughed in months, literally hurt my sides laughing from it.
I had a spicy breakfast
Another moment that made me happy was, seeing my friend from Canada, and taking her out for the night.
My husband's brain surgery to correct an aneurysm was completely successful.
I WANT TO SHOPPING
My son texted me to check on me and told me he loved me.
I celebrate the upcoming birth of my new niece.
I cuddled with my fiancee in bed.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My radio station is playing a song I like that I haven't heard in ages.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I bought a new cap from Amazon and it fitted me very well.
when my neighbor buying my favorite clothes.
My supervisor told me I did a good job on a project.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
In the last 3 weeks months, my family and I adopted a baby pug which made me and my family extremely happy!
i studied how to make chicken cury
My sister is came to visit me last weekend.
My friend tells me I'm funny
I went to the movies to see the new Guardians of The Galaxy.
I moved forward with one of my goals
I celebrated getting good grades with my family.
Went for a run in the rain.
I  WON FIRST PRIZE.
Watching the rain.
An event that made me happy in the past three months was applying for, and getting accepted to graduate college
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
Actually yesterday for the first time i finished 23 levels of tough online game at one go in few hours, which made feel proud and happy.
My parents 30th wedding Anniversary we celebrated well and all our relatives came and everyone got a chance to memorize and cherish their sweet memories.
my sim plan scheme is reduced
Smoking weed and watching hockey on tv.
I felt very happy when my sister gave me a part of her wealth when she decided to sell all her properties
I was ate cedar point OHIO
I bought a new car
My husband complimented me on a new dress.
I got new headphones at an offer price and it made me happy
I made pizza for supper last night and everybody ate it.
joined b.tech degree
I was given a discount when i ate at my favorite restaurant.
I completed a half marathon last weekend, and I felt so happy when it was over.
I was able to stick to a budget and save money for a vacation to Disney World.
My students got me a gift
We celebrate our parent's wedding anniversary last week.
I have started saving money very recently and I plan on keeping it up.
I went way over my mturk goal for the first time all year.
Eatting a really good meal
I was able to see my dog after being on vacation for a week.
I watched online clips of my favorite comedian.
One of my students wrote a beautiful Haiku poem.
My niece won a scholarship to college.
Another event that made me happy was going to the car wash to clean the car.
I planned a vacation trip with my family for the summer at the beach.
Reading, cuddling, and napping with my son yesterday made me happy.
My P.hd  work completed successfully.And I got doctorate
Being able to see my friends for the summer
I got to spend an entire day in bed and didn't have to do anything.
I had a great personal training session this morning and feel accomplished very early in the day!
Achieved my work goal for the day.
I received a pay increase at work.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months is going on a plane without being fearful.
I received a really nice thank you card from my coworkers.
i was able to exercise and lose a little weight
I was happy when my husband arranged for a date night for the two of us
I heard rumors that President Trump might be impeached soon.
I lost four pounds following a new exercise program at the gym.
Got a mail to join on-site project from next month and also i am offered with the a luxurious car as a gift from my client.
My sister got marriage with her lovable partner, now she is very happy that event made me very happy
I went to see a movie with my friends at the theater.
The grocery store had a sale on my favorite pizzas.
I rode my bike through the woods.
Bought a new car
My wife was able to work temporarily at my place of business.
I bought a new laptop.
My daughter moved home from college.
I was outside swimming when I saw three squirrels playing tag with each other, it was a lot of fun to watch.
I purchased a new pair of shoes.
I paid off my biggest debt (credit card) which is something I never thought would happen.
I got off work an hour early.
I bought a new mic.
I got a free sub sandwich from my favorite sandwich shop after I filled up a frequent customer punch card.
I've been teaching my son about manners and he said, "Please, mom" and it melted my heart.
I went to a restaurant with friends for wing night.
Last night, I worked out with a weight set and a new workout I hadn't tried before.
I was delighted to take my first bike ride.
I attended RENT the musical with my friend for his birthday
my happy moment is when i got to see and spend a few days at my sons house...it is the first house on his own..he has a roomate of course to help him with the bills
I am happy that my amazing best friend let me know that these HITs were up.
Going a new laptop after my old one broke.
My daughter made me a hand made craft at school that has our picture on it.
Hosting my 4 year old nephew's first all-boys sleep over and letting them run a muck.
My neighbor offered to take in my mail when I was on vacation so I wouldn't miss any important deliveries.
Going out with our friends for my girlfriends birthday to a really cool Chinese restaurant.
The first day that I walked 10,000 steps in my exercise program!
I was accepted into a internship program for my graduate degree.
I hatched a porygon in pokemon go - my first since beginning to play the game in July of last year.
I love watch movies with my Family in my house
Going to my favorite restaurant with my husband and had dinner there.
Purchased New Audio System
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to workout without giving up
I lost ten lbs
An old friend sent me a message on Facebook that reminded me of a long time ago.
i am going to the chennai city show the marina beech on the last week.
My husband received his EAD today!
Playing Bocce with my friends
Walking at the beach with my wife
My son was delighted by the special haircut he got at the barber today, complete with a zig zag shaved on the side of his head.
I found out that my sick leave hours would transfer from my old job.
Today I got to eat at Zaxby's as well as bring back food for several other people at my workplace.
I got nominated as instructor of the year at my college.
A coworker gave me a coke for free!
I found out I got my friend is getting a puppy.
I went to my sister's doctoral graduation.
I finished my exams without failing any of them.
I was able to enjoy a delicious dessert last night.
A good friend of mine needed career advice and I was able to provide it.
today my baby signed milk for the first time
Celebrating my daughter's 10th birthday was a blast.
I wasn't happy to do it, but I am happy now to have taken my brother to his doctor's appointment today.
I finally got my Nintendo Switch back from repair after waiting months for it to be fixed.
i took my mom out for dinner
I had a very nice Birthday with several dear loved ones.
Two weeks ago my boss gave me a raise and his willingness to work with me to keep me at my job made me feel great joy.
My father was discharged from the hospital without complications
I got a phone call from a person I hadn't talked to in a long time, and they were empathetic and interested in how my life was going.
GOING TO COLLEGE AT FIRST DAY AND MEETING NEW FRIENDS
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
Going out to dinner with friends and sitting outside and enjoying a drink and food.
I purchased a New TV and TV stand.
I was happy when my son opened up to me about something that was on his mind.
I went to see a great musical at the theater.
I attended my cousin's wedding and it gave me a chance to catch up with family and friends that I do not get to see very often.
My dog learned how to roll over upon command.
Yesterday I buyed clothes for dad and sister they liked it a lot am happy for it
Took a walk at the park with a good friend and exercise buddy.
My daughter in law made Vietnamese stew from scratch for the family.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I was happy going to my cousin's wedding.
when my dog did't die from an illness
I found out one of my favorite bands ever is coming to town!
I skyped with my mom.
I got to play rugby tonight
My boss talked to me about a potential promotion.
This event would be when I learned my current job doesn't value me and motivated me to begin searching for better opportunities.
we have to travelling the china and it saw many attractive place it was happiness is my life.
I went to the mall and bought new running shoes.
Kissing my partner on a street corner after an urban hike.
Last night,  I baked my first batch of cookies and it was a big success.
I  FEEL MY LOVE WITH MY BOY FRIEND
When i purchased a new Smartphone it made me very happy as its having all latest features and bigger screen size than my previous one.I was so happy that i had ordered food from restaurant to celebrate my happiness.
I GOT A CHANCE TO PARTICIPATE ON MARATHON RUNNERS IN STATE LEVEL COMPETITION
MY FRIEND BIRTH DAY MAY 5
when my uncle got celebrate anniversary
I bought iPhone last month and its features drive me crazy.
My son hit his very first home run in a baseball game and I was there to see it.
I was with my girlfriend at the cinema.
A neighborhood bookstore gave me a free copy of a local cookbook in exchange for displaying a recipe from it at my niece's upcoming graduation event.
We had an open house to try and sell my fiancee's home to consolidate before our marriage.
I ate pizza for dinner last night.
I enjoyed a family night with my husband and children.
Petting a nice friendly dog.
I WENT MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY PARTY AND ALSO JOIN US OUR SCHOOL FRIEND ALSO PRESENT SURPRISE GIFT AND ALSO ARRANGE THE PARTY THAT MOMENT ENJOY VERY HAPPY.
I was happy when I first started to loose weight with my new plan.
I got to spend a couple of hours with one of my best friends who lives 600 miles away.
watched our neighbors dog for an afternoon, I think we played most of the time.
I made a really good joke that had my girlfriend laughing a lot.
I celebrated my wedding anniversary.
I saw my sister's softball game, and she actually got to play.
I awoke to my neighbor giving me a blowjob, she knows how to do it the best, she doesn't use her hands and I came into her mouth real fast.
Harry Styles album was released and he is my favorite singer.
I got a promotion at work.
My child came home from college!
A girl I really would like to date called me and we talked for a very long time.
I joined a kayaking group in my neighborhood.
My Dungeons and Dragons character, Lyssandra the Rogue, hit level five!
I successfully completed a 20 miles bike ride.
I discovered a site on YouTube that teaches the truth from the Scriptures.
Watching the movie Batman.
There was a reorganization at work, and I didn't lose my job, yet.
I have made friends with a very scared cat who had lost his home.
I attended an art exhibition cum obstacle race.
I was able to stay at my girlfriend's house last night.
My boyfriend of nearly 3 years gave me a promise ring for Christmas.
I watched a video of my favorite stand-up comedian, Jerry Seinfeld and it was really funny.
my sister planned an amazing girls day for us.
I finished my work early
I found an old book that I had loved reading in the past.
Got my gym membership renewed
I bought a new dress for a graduation banquet.
I booked a nice vacation spot at a good deal
I couldn't believe the day I got to take a picture with one of my favorite artists, I was beyond happy.
Buying my mother a gift for Mother's Day
When my boyfriend bought me chinese food.
I finally was able to afford a new pair of shoes ive been wanting for at least a year
I watched a movie with the family and had fun.
When I was out giving her food, my horse made a funny face at me.
My oldest child, who's transgender, finally got her name change made official.
My husband and I went golfing together at a beautiful golf course in beautiful weather.
I went to the zoo and saw my favorite animals!
I was in the drive thru line at Tim Horton's coffee shop about a week ago and when I got to the window to pay I didn't have to pay because the car in front of me had paid for my order.
My niece graduated from Kindergarten last week.
I got together with family.
Then I went to the Boat Harbor's Resturant where I enjoyed coffee and donuts.
I got to subscribe to Twitch Prime which allows me to subscribe to my favorite Twitch.com players at no cost as long as I have a Amazon Prime account.
I found a new show to watch on Amazon Prime called Goliath that I enjoy.
Having my future daughter reach 35 weeks in my wife's womb.
My wife made me a good dinner when she got home.
Wrote a simple but touching poem and put guitar to it.
I love play Soccer in the Stadium with my Friends
It made me happy to see my mom for the first time in over a year
I finished a very good video game.
I was happy when I made barbecue and ate it while watching an NBA playoff game.
Getting a pay raise!
I hit up three places in a row for pizza week.
When I got a chance to tan outside after months of cold and rain
I slept for a long time after a hard day of work at office.
My son was elected class president.
I need to make cookies for the sports banquet, and my oldest daughter helped me make them.
We had a softball game between co-workers that lasted four hours.
Today I got some new clothes in the mail to replace the ones my new puppy chewed up.
Our company stock almost tripled!
I made it to work without traffic.
I got a random phone call from a close friend of mine and we scheduled a day to hangout.
I just heard from my cousin who reached out because we haven't spoken to in years and we just caught up on life.
Tried a new complicated recipe that turned out great.
I got to sleep in on a Saturday - my wife took the kids out early and I was able to wake up without any screaming.
Seeing the smile of my best friend's son  while I was greeting him a couple months after they moved to another country
I watched a basket ball game and my team was winning.
My 8 month old daughter got her first tooth without any fussiness or fever.
i walked the dog at the park
I won my first match of nan BATTLEGROUNDS, where 50 teams compete against each other.
unfortunately, i went to my grandma house on that day my brother came there that day is his birthday suddenly i am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things on seeing the gifts which i selected he felt very blissful
I got an A for my final grade
When I took my girlfriend to a Taylor Swift concert.
My favorite Dutch soccer team (FC Ajax) earned a solid result today in the Europa League in an entertaining thriller.
I found a great boutique nearby!
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Purchased a fully automatic  washing machine  of my choice.
At work we received free lunch two days in a row.
My boyfriend and I went on a little road trip vacation on the California coast.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I finished medical school.
the movie F8 of the Furious took my mind off some issues and made me feel much better.
Surprising my daughter with a sandbox and dinosaur "fossil" play toys so she could play paleontologist.
I developed the habit of drinking a 12 ounce glass of water every morning before I do anything else.
I booked tickets to see a good friend of mine who lives in a different state.
Getting handcrafted gifts from my kids, they were sooo excited.
I stayed home one night and sat with my cat and watched a movie.
my girlfriends birthday just recently passed and we had really great time
I watched a movie
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
An old friend of mine returned to Chicago after a few years of living out of state.
My mom surprised me and took me to dinner yesterday.
EVERY YEAR WE CELEBRATE CHRISTMAS ON 25TH DEC IN A GRAND MANNER.IT IS BECAUSE LORD JESUS WAS BORN ON THIS DAY.JESUS WAS BORN TO BRING PEACE AMONG PEOPLE SO WE CAN ALL  CHRISTMAS A FESTIVAL OR PEACE
Went for a family trip
EVERY YEAR WE CELEBRATE CHRISTMAS  ON 25TH DECEMBER IN A GRAND MANNER.IT IS BECAUSE LORD JESUS WAS BORN ON THIS DAY .JESUS WAS BORN TO BRING PEACE AMONG PEOPLE.SO WE CAN ALL CHRISTMAS A FESTIVAL OF PEACE.
Hearing my daughter play on her new ukulele.
I read a really good book.
I got to an appointment on time even though I was running late.
I saw my girlfriend a couple of days ago and we played video games and had a lot of fun.
I started doing meditation at 4 A.M in the morning and I felt I was transported to another world and experienced a lot of Bliss.
I bought a new car today
i went to see my grand mother last month
I made a spur-of-the-moment funny remark to my co-workers that was very well-received.
Talking and joking around with my coworkers.
The Mother's Day present I ordered arrived on time before next Sunday despite a shipping delay that threatened to make it late.
I got to leave work 30 minutes early.
Then I saw that my local store is selling all ice cream with 40% off.
i attended my cousin wedding..so i saw all my family members after long time..it was a nice time
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was a beautiful warm day after a long cold winter, I was able to go outside for the first time in months and enjoy the weather.
my wife called me and talked.
I lifted more weight and for more reps when I was weightlifting.
I felt happy when my boss offered me a promotion at work.
My husband and I went on a bike ride to a local breakfast place that had delicious coffee and food.
I had a new ceiling fan installed and it's extra quiet.
Purchased a Television for watching TV programs from home.
I saw Demolition Man for the first time.
I received some new flickr followers for my photography.
My parents' dogs born 3 puppies so I just had the chance to visit them and play with the puppies.
I had a great holiday meal this last Easter with my family.
Happy looking forward for the return of Sir Joe to join in delivering the official jobs.
I went for a trip with friends.
I went for a trip with my wife.
I went for a trip.
My brother brought his dog over for me to watch while he went out of town.
WATCHING MY TODDLER SON PLAY AT THE BEACH.
I went to see one of my favorite bands.
Just going out with friends for a dinner and a few drinks
I organized a family reunion that went very smoothly.
Snuggling with my cat, she is a loving baby who likes to lay on me all the time.
spent time doing yard work, enjoyed the sunshine!
I completed a certification in my field of software development with a good grade.
Went to cousin's marriage
Knowing that I'm doing well going into finals week.
We went to my brother's open mic session.
I ate a really good dinner last night that I haven't had in a long time.
The heavy rain in my state has gone to the east of where I live, so far.
When I bought tickets and planned a trip to PAX Prime.
When I won on a scratch off ticket and won $50.
I was so happy to have my youngest child's injuries not be as bad as we thought.
I found my dog after she had run away.
I enjoyed showing my Mother-In-Law the gardening and landscaping I've been working on in my backyard.
My husband and I took a nap outside on a blanket in the sun in nice spring weather, all while our baby took a nap inside.
I went to the new Afghani restaurant that reentry opened and it was fantastic.
What made me happy recently was seeing my dads reaction to his birthday present.
My brother finally bought a home for his family.
I spent some time with my mom
I ate out at a new restaurant and really enjoyed the food.
I had a really good day with my husband at the beach.
I bought a new TV for myself and a new one for my mother as well.
I went to the market and found all the items I want on sale
another event is when i bought my first motorcycle...not used but new,with only a few miles on it..
Watching a movie I really enjoyed
I reserved a new puppy who will come to live with me in a month.
Got a payment from a job
I finally got into contact with my cousin who I haven't seen in about a year and a half and we're going to have dinner together this weekend.
When I made a huge promotion at the place I am currently working.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to eat healthier
My older brother randomly bought me a video game (Yakuza 0) because he wanted me to try it.
I was happy when I found out that I would get to leave work two hours early and had the time to do some of my hobbies.
I received some very old photographs of my ancestors from a family member.
Received a spot bonus from work for helping a fellow teammate
I was able to go home from work early on a beautiful day because my boss noticed I had worked so hard all week.
WE BOUGHT A HOUSE.
I felt a little happy to note that I could possibly  make 3 dollars every day on mturk this month to reach about 100 dollars by month end.
I hit a long range shot into my wastebasket with a rolled up piece of paper.
Sharing the gender of the baby with my family.
A recent event that has made me happy within the past 3 months was celebrating my mother's birthday, my siblings and I always go all out and make it a memorable day.
My friend got a promotion at her job.
I found out that there's supposed to be good weather next week for my trip to New York.
My daughter received several academic scholarships.
I got an A on a presentation.
I achieved my exercise goal for the week.
I went to a national park and hiked.
It made me very happy to hear the doctor tell me brother that his diabetic classification is now "diet controlled", so he doesn't need to take medication for it now.
I scheduled my vacation to go to Colorado on my own without any responsibilities.
Me and my friend decided to plan a trip for a hill station last month but unfortunately it was cancelled due to some personal issues.But shortly after 10 days later the trip was on and finally we made it.We had a long time to spend and enjoy.It was really a memorable and happy moment for me.
I have encouraged several of my coworkers to complete a development plan as I have done and another one came to me seeking help with his today.
I made the island shot in beer pong!
Seeing my son come in from a fun day at a park on a field trip with his school.
My daughter was accepted to a private school.
I ordered my favorite pizza from my favorite shop and had it delivered as a treat.
Watched the Warcraft movie , I love the game and the movie was pretty fun.
I completed a proposal that involved some tricky negotiations.
Getting a discount from steam.
I finished up a difficult task at work and learned some information that is going to make my work substantially easier in the future.
Having dinner with my brother and sister together made me very happy.
I went on a vacation to San Diego and sat on a sunny beach and escaped the rainy weather here in Portland.
My youngest wanted to give me extra kisses at bed time tonight.
I WANT TO COLLEGE
My wife took on an ambitious  new career change working with children, like me!
I went to see Born in China in the theater with my daughter.
My husband and I got a kid-free weekend when my sister-in-law asked to have our son for the whole weekend.
We had so much of fun, talking past events, gossiping, discussing.
I got a cute dog from my relative.
i retrieved a bonus from my company
The day with my wife
I helped my friend do some work on his pool.
I did a elephant safari during a recent picnic with my friends.
I PROPOSED TO MY LOVER FOR MARRIAGE
My husband was coming from dubai
My family was tour in ootty
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I became happy after getting a perfect 10/10 on my quiz in school.
While walking along a sidewalk downtown, I was able to help a woman who asked me for directions to a nearby eating establishment.
My friend giving me a call when he noticed that I was feeling anxious and overwhelmed made me pretty happy to have someone there for me.
I found a book I really wanted for a good price!
An event that made me happy in the last three months was getting a new manager at work because my new manager presents more challenges which makes my job more fulfilling.
My parents coming to visit last week really made me happy because I haven't seen them in months.
To felt happy when my condo complex got a community swimming pool.
My family was tour in ootty
I found a whole basket full of unique shells on my walk at the beach yesterday.
my birthday, going out to dinner with family and friends.
My daughter and I had a fun day shopping together at several clothing stores.
The days I had sex with my girlfriend.
I was able to see my doggo after not seeing him for a couple days
I read stories to my daughters before bed, and they hugged me goodnight and told me they love me.
My mom apologized for being unreasonable in an email she had sent me.
Bought a new graphics card for my PC.
I watched a movie that I like and haven't seen in forever.
I finally got a new service running and deployed to users that will make their jobs much better.
Buying an Echo Dot off of Amazon.
I found out that we will be able to get a mortgage for a new home very soon, and I am so happy about that.
My daughter completed her junior year of college with straight "A's.
I realized I had friends who are good listeners
I am taking an online masters degree, my thesis got approved.
When Fargo returned to TV a couple weeks ago that made me happy.
I travel to Dubai to shop
The sun came out after the rain was pouring down for most of the morning.
Watching the stars in the sky.
Eating at McDonald's.
I bought a new Kindle tablet because my other one was broken and for a while I had no tablet.
Knowing that I'm one academic year away from getting my undergrad degree.
I spoke with my mother on the phone several days ago.
Two weeks ago, I had an anniversary at my job, its amazing that I'm still at my place of employment after 15 years and still loving it.
Someone left a note on my desk that said, "Thank you for being a good person."
I spent quality time with my mom for the first time in 2 years.
Spending mothers day with my wife and mom
I found numerous avenues for online money making to supplement my income.
Taking the dog for a walk.
Well my ex and I got back together and we've been having marathon sex for like 2 weeks now, so i got that going for me.
My husband and I took our son to the carnival and he seemed to have a really great time there.
I bought a makeup item I'd wanted for a while.
Youngest daughter lost her first tooth.
I started watching Fargo, the tv show.
My friend bought me a ticket to see one of my favorite bands, Mastodon because I couldn't afford to go otherwise.
My best friend, whom I had not seen for a few months, came to visit me for the weekend.
I took my dog and a friend with me on a day trip to the beach.
Hearing my baby's heartbeat around the halfway mark of my pregnancy.
My daughter, son-in-law, and my two grandkids, came to visit me last week.
I enjoyed my mothers day with my family and the weather was SO nice.
I went to church with my family on Mother's day.
My oldest son graduated cum laude from TX A&M.
While doing HIT's on AmazonMechanical Turk yesterday I found five $1.00 HIT's and completed them.
Making some pancakes with my daughter.
I went on vacation with my family and enjoyed the time spent with them.
I was able to escape the wife for a guy's night out and did bar hopping and hookah lounge with friends.
I got a good deal on some patio furniture.
Spending some quality with my daughter while skiing in new hampshire
My son sang a mother's day song to me.
We had my mom and dad over for Mother's Day and had a nice lunch with them.
An old friend invited me to work on a project.
My daughter decorated my kitchen chair as a Mother's Day surprise.
Two weeks ago I got accepted for my first house and I'm scheduled to move in July.
I ate at one of my favorite restaurants after a long day at work last friday, so it was a great feeling taking time to rest.
My wife told me she wanted to go back to school and i was so proud of her.
It made me so happy when I got to go play with 3, 3 week old puppies!
Sketching new ideas for a painting project
I went to my best friend's wedding this weekend.
I got to go shopping at a big outlet mall.
Talked to a new girl on social media
I made a cool song on my computer
I got a new computer last month and it is very fast and is a lot of fun to use.
Spent Mother's day with my mom at my brothers house for lunch.
Finally completed a small personal project I've been working on sporadically for a few months (a personal resume templating project).
An event that made me happy was when I got my new badge for my new workplace.
Norm, the cat,  let me cuddle him after I picked him up.
My favorite English premier league team, Chelsea FC, won their last game of the season today, in an impressive fashion
My son sent me beautiful, fragrant flowers for Mother's Day.
I was doing my daily tasks to maintain our home and yard, pets care and my husband's laundry, when he interrupted me to spontaneously express his appreciation for me; he's not that expressive usually.
On event that made me happy was giving a nice gift to my girlfriend for mother's day because she deserved it.
I found out there's free yogurt at work.
The event that made me happy was when my boyfriend graduated college recently.
I was able to exchange money for one of my gpu's, giving me another computer part.
i gave a presentation at a meeting for a project that i'm the lead on and got kudos after the meeting.
I was able to see my grandfather for one last time.
Today, I ate a delicious peanut butter and marshmallow fluff sandwich on white bread.
I witness the birth of a baby bird, a robin born on our windowsill.
I, started exercising at the gym.
last month my son maked a beautiful presentation on their school.
We went out and ate pad see eww, thai food.
My girlfriend told me that she loved me for the first time.
When I found out I was losing weight.
Had a job promotion last month and came with extra pay.
Last month i bought me a new handbag.It was really amazing experience when i first bought it.I felt myself  sexy when i bought it.I am glad that the handbag suits well with most of my dresses.I am so happy to have the bag for me.
I got a good grade on a test.
I went to Zupas with my co workers
My dad receiving a clear bill of health.
Moving into my first home with the love of my life.
I got a head start on a month-long project that I'm working on, so I should be finished weeks before the deadline.
My wife had a sonogram of our third child and everything checked out ok.
I received a promotion at a job I love.
In the past 3 months, I was happy to feel closer to my mom by spending extra time with her.
I bought a new car
I felt happy when my company won an award for the best customer service in our city.
When my boyfriend came home from being gone for a week.
I got to have tiramisu
I got called in for an interview for a job I applied for on a whim and they offered me the job at the end of the interview!
When i revived my Bonus, since last month.
My kids were extremely excited when I got back from a 2 week long business trip.
I went swimming with my children.
Asked my friend to be my girlfriend and she said yes.
Purchased New Smart Phone.
My husband came from abroad and brings a lot of gifts.
Since I am a student,  I was working hard to keep my grades up and hopefully win a scholarship- my hard work paid off and I was awarded $1000 back in February.
Going to the mall and buying some clothes.
I visited my long distance boyfriend for a week on his campus during spring break.
I MARRIED 3 MONTH BEFORE SO I AM VERY HAPPY THAT MOMENT
I learned how to swim.
My son laid the smack down on a punk ass jabroni.
I had a very pleasant lunch with my mother, and the restaurant served curry chicken salad which was wonderful.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I passed my anatomy and physiology course.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I helped a lady in need who dropped her groceries.
I bought a remote controlled toy car for my son and he was very happy.
I slept with a girl from highschool that was a total bitch to me while we went to school together.
I attended the free Garth Brooks concert in Austin, TX for the SXSW music festival
I WENT TO TEMPLE
When my daughter came home for the weekend to visit.
I called my mother during mother's day.
I had a great soccer practice with my team.
I found out my cousin wants to take a week long international trip with me.
Watching someone I did not like lose a poker game.
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION
I played guitar with some friends at an actual paying gig for the first time!
Spending time with daughter coloring was nice.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
i have got salary high in my company due to my performance.
I received an A on the third exam of biology class.
I celebrated my wedding anniversary.
I was happy today when I was able to get all the to do's on my list done early and had the rest of the evening to relax.
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to re-unite with an old long lost childhood best friend on Facebook.
I got to order a new line of make-up that I really like
I'm right now because I met my HIT quota for the day 2 hours earlier than my usual time.
I was happy when I got my car wiper changed.
My husband, son and I went out to eat for Mother's day and we really enjoyed ourselves and I didn't have to cook for a change.
I vacationed in Mexico.
My summer clothes from last year still fit.
I went to a baseball game with two friends I hadn't seen in a few months.
I received a rebate check in the mail for $160!
My sisters birthday it was very fun.
I asked out on a date a woman that I have been talking to for the past month, I'm really into her and the fact that she said yes was great!
I saw a tiny wild baby bunny for the first time today
I received several bonuses through my free lance work and that made me feel very good.
I played a demo for a new video game that isn't out yet.
I tried a new recipe for short rib ragu, and it came out so delicious.
I got my house to pass code inspection.
We had a fun evening the other night with friends over for movies, and Pizza.
Decided to list our house for sale and hope to make some money off it
Bought newborn baby girl clothes.
I bought my dog a new bone.
My girlfriend gave me a big hug after she came home.
I played one of my favorite albums that I have not heard in a while
I got a phone call from my old college roommate.
I had a great conversation with someone via emails.
I set up a perfect surprise for my wife on Mother's day and that made me very happy to see her reaction.
Another event that made me happy was when I met my girlfriend a month ago.
I had the best nachos I've ever eaten.
I listened to music.
I love play Soccer in the Stadium with my Friends
A group of friends was playing a game together, and unexpectedly did really well when we had previously been struggling heavily.
My subscribe and save amazon order was delivered today
Watching my son graduate from kindergarten.
I was able to find a good deal on car parts that I have been looking for for a while now.
I had a delicious buffet in Las Vegas.
I got into a new job.
My grandpa bought me some hash browns from McDonald's without me asking for them.
I was best man in my friends wedding.
I recently won $100 from a lottery ticket, so it will be put into good use and saved up for future emergencies.
I attended my best friend's graduation ceremony.
When my granddaughter told me I was the best grandma in the world
I went to the mall and bought an Apple Watch.
I took my granddaughter to the water park.
Today, I ate some great pasta salad my wife made specifically for me.
My sister moved in with us
It was sunny yesterday.
I took my wife and children to the zoo for Mothers Day.
I spent a few hours with my family doing yard work on our first beautiful day of Spring.
Received a notification from my carrier saying my recently purchased cellphone will be on my hands before my mom's birthday on june 9th
Getting invited to my friends upcoming birthday party.
Received a package of snacks in the mail from a friend in a foreign country.
When I pulled into the gate of my work today, I could see the Strait of Juan de Fuca and I realized how lucky I was to work in such a beautiful place.
The day I bought my first new car
I just booked a trip to Denver in October yesterday.
I made $50 doing mturk studies this week.
Last week I got a nice employee review at work.
I won a game of Settlers of Catan against my girlfriend and her brothers.
My, son surprised me, by coming home from college on Mother's Day.
I learned some new recipes for food that I had wanted to know how to cook for a long time.
My friend's mother brought me a comfortable jacket when I was in the hospital.
I made a perfect cheesecake!
Went on a date with someone new.
I finished my finals in college.
My sister decided to move with me to the area that I prefer to live in for the time being.
one day i am hearing one good news .what is that i win in lucky draw coupon.that day i am very happy.
I got to hang out with my niece and nephew today and they were both little angels.
I have been hitting my daily quota goals for the last week.
I took a day off and played video games all day.
As a teacher, I was happy when two of my three student groups won their school-wide debate this afternoon.
A lot of students from my class told me how much they liked the class.
My brother in law give me a new mobile when he came from abroad.
On my day off I woke up early so I can clean the house for my mom as a surprise for when she got home.
I got to play a video game that I've been meaning to play for months.
WATCHING MOVIE IN THEATER
I asked a girl that I had been dating to be my girlfriend, and she said yes.
ENJOY WITH MY FRIENDS
Attending my little cousins first communion and meeting all my relatives.
I got a promotion at work.
I made a new personal record for bench pressing.
Got a promotion at my job after working so hard for it
I got a new job working at a pet performance center.
MY FAMILY VISITED TP nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
i had helped my dad in farming.
My manager gave me a great personal review commenting on some specific things I recently improved.
I MARRIED 3 MONTH BEFORE SO I AM VERY HAPPY THAT MOMENT
I bought a new laptop.
My favorite soccer team just won the Romanian league in the last match of the season.
Watched my favorite show all day long!
Went with my mother to play poker tonight and we both won big--she never wins so I was thrilled for her.
Receiving a lovely review on a story I wrote for a fanfiction exchange.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I was happy when the eye clinic called to say my replacement eyeglasses were ready.
I ran an ultra trail relay race with three other teammates, and we ended up getting third place.
I was happy the day I got to spend playing baseball with my son.
Yesterday i designed on my sister finger nails, which my sister loved and thanked me so much, which made me feel very very happy.
I finished a really good show.
MY SISTER BIRTHDAY PARTY
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My nephew's girlfriend was selected to go to the training camp of a pro football team's cheerleading squad.
I went for a trip with friends.
I went for a trip with my wife.
I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- i have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's,i felt so happy.That time, its a great money for me and my parents.
I stepped on the scale and lost a lot of weight.
I went to a concert with some big name artist.
A friend of mine sent me pictures of her new baby chickens.
My wife and I went on date night.
I went to see a movie last week that I've been waiting to come out.
Celebrated Mother's day with my mom by having a family lunch.
A couple from my favorite show got back together.
I attended an Easter Brunch with my aunt, uncle, and cousin.
Getting my new puppy from the animal shelter.
My boyfriend and I spent a day at the zoo.
Lunch at Cherry's diner with boyfriend
Our mom was surprised by our mother's day gift for her.
My sons made me breakfast in bed unprompted.
In the past 3mth my friend from US visited India n she stayed with me for a month I wa so happy to spend so much time with her
I played Pac Man 2 the New Adventures, which is basically an interactive slapstick cartoon for SNES and Sega Genesis (mine was the SNES version)
The moment I realized that I had made some really good new friends this year was when we were all studying for finals at the library together.
there are birds nesting in the bird nest I built!
I surprised my wife by getting a babysitter and taking her out to dinner, and we had a great time together
I'm happy to have bought a new Xbox One.
A saw a beautiful sunset.
I finally bought an instant pot after wanting one for a couple years.
I was able to pick up a few extra hours at work last week.
Scallops were on sale at Fresh Thyme today, and I almost never buy them due to the cost.
My friend got a new puppy and let me hold her for a very long time.
I built Legos and blocks with my toddler.
The last event that makes me happy is when I got a raise at work.
It was extremely warm today, enough to need AC in the car.
I love watch movies with my wife and sons in my house
Hearing my favorite song on the radio.
I found out that my sister is pregnant and I am going to be an aunt again.
I helped my mom get things ready for our move
Watching the sunset from my backyard
I passed all of my classes with all B's
I found 50 dollars outside of the grocery store
Yesterday i am sex with my ex-girl freind.
I got accepted for a new job after applying months ago and thinking I didn't get the job.
I took my eleven year old and my grand baby to Chuck E Cheese.
Spending the weekend in the cabin.
My brother was actually showing some concern for me this past week!
Yesterday was mother's day and I spent most of the day with her around town.I picked her up from church and took her to a BBQ with the family and we had a good time there.
Rewatching some Buffy the Vampire Slayer episodes reminded me of how awesome that show was.
whe i go out to dinner with my wife
I was happy to receive flowers from my niece for Mother's Day.
I made a volumetric dosing solution!
The special coffee I ordered came in yesterday and I had my first pot this morning.
Another event that made me happy was making homemade pizza for friends and family
I got to go shopping at target by myself this morning.
Taught my dog to roll over and perfected some core tricks.
My friend and I went for a long hike at a beautiful park.
Purchased a new wireless thermometer for my smoker.
Got tickets to a great show.
I took a great walk after lunch with some coworkers.
Lastly, something that made me happy was when I found the strength from within to finish my workday despite being severely ill.
I watched my sister graduate from college.
I am very happy that I have a relaxing schedule at school for the next few years.
I finished my first semester of Pharmacy school
I saw my dog after coming home from college.
A dog gave me a hug.
Two months ago I found a new job related to what I'm going to school for.
I got to talk on the cell phone with a friend that I haven't had the chance to talk with in months.
Falling asleep last night holding my wife's hand!
I hit all my exercise and diet goals last week and lost 3lbs as a result which made me really happy.
I'm helping my sister lose weight and I've helped her lose 5 pounds in less than a week, so far.
Last month am Attend My project classes in that time , i was so excited and happy to attend my classes and meet with new friends.
I got to spend Mother's Day with my mom and dad.
I meditated for 30 minutes.
My mom ended up not needing surgery while recovering from an injury.
I got to play Destiny with my dad
Today I started dog sitting a dog that I love (my boyfriend's) and he greeted me by jumping up and down excitedly.
My boyfriend surprised me with some gifts.
I went hiking in this beautiful park with my two best friends and we had a really great time.
I was happy when I saw my daughter's artwork from school.
I GOT A OWN CAR
I was offered an opportunity for free tickets to a local play.
I read a funny novel and laugh a lot.
i had helped a child to complete his Drawing.
I was finally able to turn the air condition on as the weather turned warm indicating that it's finally time to spend my evenings outside!
I MARRIED 3 MONTH BEFORE SO I AM VERY HAPPY THAT MOMENT
I got a text message asking to hang out from a girl I have been interested in for quite a while, but was always unavailable.
I met a stranger who was nice to me for seemingly no reason.
My mother give me birthday gift as Golden chain its happiest moment for me.
We received a prophetic word at a meeting that was very encouraging.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I met my parents after a year.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Just the other day was happy to see my son make the summer swim team.
My little 2 and half year son when say me always PAPA with his sweet voice, that was an awesome feeling which makes me all day happy.
Actually last sunday, i got online gift coupon with little big value, for winning a creative puzzle game, which made me feel proud and really very happy.
I went to a cousin's beautiful wedding and felt the love the whole time.
last few dads back my mother birthday event arranged by my friends that time am feel so happy.
WE BOUGHT A NEW HOUSE FOR MY FAMILY.
I Recently decided what major i want to pick for college, Computer Information Systems.
I AM DECIDED TO CONTINUE MY STUDY ....
BOTH A CAR A NEW ONE
I bought a new car
I completed my book after 8 years of work and fulfilled my work obligations.
I aced all my classes in school this semester
When I learned how to do a report for work on my own.
I went to Florida to look for my best friend
I found the energy drinks I buy every day on sale, so I bought a whole bunch and have saved a lot of money in the process over the next two weeks.
I met my newborn nephew
I finally got to play GTAV.
One event that made me happy was my nephew's wedding.
Being able to rock my kid to sleep last night.
When I received a big check in the mail.
I took my dog out for a walk, my dog loves to go outside so whenever she goes out for a walk she enjoys every second of it.
I ate some really good candy yesterday.
I got a new car.
I met someone nice on a dating app.
I went to a friend's barbecue and had a great time.
I found a box of my old Gameboy Advance cartridges.
I built a slide for my kids in the backyard and saw their reaction when they saw it.
I went to a Cubs game with my mother a few weeks ago, and it was a blast.
I ate my favorite lunch with my favorite drink.
I got a promotion at work.
Went to see family
I bought a new laptop.
Ate lunch with my girlfriend's family at her mother's place.
Purchased a new graphics card after my older failed.
I bought my first car within the last month.
The most recent major event that makes me happy is the day I found out I was expecting twins.
Finishing my last day of pharmacy school rotation!
I was smiling with my boyfriend.
Today at work we ended up exceeding our production goal boy 1000 items.
Getting home from vacation.
Last night I got together with friends to play casual board games and drink.
I managed to earn some money by selling old stuff.
My favorite team, the Celtics, won the number 1 pick in the NBA draft lottery
When my daughter hit a homerun
I learned that a special prosecutor was assigned to the Russia investigation.
Today my wife and I enjoyed some good food from a China buffet.
I WENT THE MOVIE
My boyfriend and I had a serious discussion that did not end in a huge argument.
My girlfriend came to visit
My son getting a cast on so his ankle can heal
I finished an exam much earlier than anticipated.
My favorite NBA team is doing well in the playoffs.
I asked a dog owner if I could pet their dog, they replied that I could, and the dog let me pet it.
My roommate's cat slept with me all night.
I was happy when I found out that I would get to have an office party at work on Friday.
The melting of the final snow in March
One event that made me happy was when I was able to express my thoughts coherently during a meeting with my student's parents.
After a brutal 14-hour long day of factory work, my fiance was waiting at home for me with my favorite dinner prepared, my favorite movie ready to go on the television and a giant marijuana cigarette; needless to say it was one of the cheeriest and relaxing nights I have ever had, granted it had been years since smoking marijuana.
Last month i bought a fridge to my home to beat the heat.It was totally worth buying it.It was damn helpful in time like this.Every time i drink water from my fridge at this heat , i feel heavenly.I am glad that i bought a fridge.
I just took a leisurely walk with my wife and son and the weather was nice.
My kids wrapped their own toys and gifted them to me on my birthday.
I spent the evening going to three concerts in a row, just to prove I am still young enough to do it.
I was happy to hear that I will be going bowling in a tournament that I really enjoy this weekend.
A new season of one of my favorite shows was released on Netflix.
The order that I placed 3 times finally arrived correctly after the store sent the wrong product twice.
An event that made me happy recently was when my 4 year old daughter scored 9 goals in her soccer game.
I got a new car.
Am feel very happy because of my baby get a first prize in sports Quota in preschool after i listen that news am feel very happy.
This morning I woke up and the sun was shining and it was warm, I realized it was such a pleasant change from the raining days we've had the past few days
I made smoked salmon omelettes for dinner and my roommate didn't complain about the smell.
I saw the new guardians of the galaxy 2 movie and it was really funny and enjoyable to watch.
I recall an event that occurred about three weeks ago in which I completed a very important take-home examination for my law school.
I recently went home and visited my family and my dog for a couple days.
I had a nice steak dinner with my wife for her birthday.
I successfully mastered the positions in my Tai Chi class.
Now am feel very happy because of am plan to went for a tour to Goa Trip with my office friends,all friends are agree to that so am feel very happy
I got a new job at a prestigious firm.
I went to tour with my family past one month.We are watched forest,zoo and gardens.
I was able to visit Austin with my girlfriend, and we had a great time.
The day with my wife
I had nice lunch with my friends in Taj Hotel.
I felt happy when it finally started to warm up, quit raining, and become spring time!
I got orders to go on active duty status, which means more money for my family.
I received a letter informing me that my daughter is to receive an academic award.
I went to a father-daughter breakfast at my daughter's school and we had a good time with each other.
I went for a 4 mile run.
The side of my dog's face that was paralyzed started working a little bit again so now she can close her eye some and squint / blink.
Completed a major milestone for a project at work.
The other day I steamed my broccolis perfectly: not to soggy and not too crunchy.
I watched the third season finale of the TV show Black Sails.
My friend from college was in town and we got together and went fishing.
I was very happy yesterday when the party organized for promotion of my mother
I went to a big market on the weekend.
My youngest daughter got accepted into UNC - Wilmington (college).
Just bought a new car.
I am happy when my family and I  make it home safely from a hectic drive through the city where I live.
Yesterday, I talked on phone with my one of best freind that really made me happy.
It made me happy to talk to a beautiful woman from Italy today.
Going for a relaxing walk in my neighborhood
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was the day I found out I was pregnant.
Meeting my girlfriend after a long period of 3 months, i felt very happy and spent the whole day with her.
I received a new 3DS game as a gift.
MU UNLCE LIVED IN MUMBAI WHEN I RECEIVE A CALL FROM MY UNCLE, I REALLY FELT HAPPY TO SPEAK TO THEM THEIR CHILDREN'S SPOKE ME WITH THEIR BABY VOICE.ITS VERY NICE TO HEAR ON THAT TIME
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My wife made a huge, delicious dinner for her students last night, and we all had a great time.
The day that I passed the HESI exam which was required to apply to the nursing program.
i celebrate my grand mothers birthday
MY SISTER BIRTHDAY PARTY
I saw a preview screen for the new television show Inhumans.
MY SISTER BIRTHDAY PARTY
MY SISTER BIRTHDAY PARTY
I was happy when I finally finished moving my Dad into his new apartment because it took a lot of effort to complete the task.
I BOUGHT A NEW BIBLE.
my best friend got married last month
I purchased a scale model to assemble and paint.
My brother is getting married and he sent me his wedding invitation and I just got it in the mail.
Two months before i attended Amway meeting and i was very happy to participate and i know how to get more customers.
I didn't get fired from my job after a major screw up I caused, I managed to side step around the blame.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy
I got attention from a girl I like.
I cooked something for the first time that I always wanted to cook
Attended my sister in laws wedding at a beach location.
i bought some medical marijuana
I bought a new house and go out of my crappy apartment.
I got a meaningful present for birthday.
I adopted a great cat from the local shelter.
I played NES.
I went to a museum in New Zealand and it was free.
Went out for dinner with family.
Last week, I found the perfect gift for my mom for Mother's Day: a collection of Claude Monet's paintings.
I went to church.
I found old pictures of my deceased grandmother and showed them to my mother which made her cry with happiness.
I lost 20 pounds.
When I bought a new car
I bought a new car
I fixed my mower by myself after many problems
Got hired for a job.
My daughter made the neatest little clay figures that we baked together.
I got a Diet Coke with vanilla from Sonic.
I rode my bike without stopping my entire route.
I completed a difficult training course for work and ended up getting out of work a few hours early.
I went scuba diving with a friends this past Friday and we had 2 great dives.
I made a ball pit for my kids.
I got a significant pay raise.
Getting my paycheck, and it had a nice bonus.
Just booked the trip, and it was under $500.00 for 5 days and 4 night cruise.
I won a tournament with my neighborhood soccer team
I prepared a dinner meal for my parents as they came to visit me last week.
One small event that recently made me happy was when I bought a scratch off from the gas station for $5 and won $10.
Attending a close friend's wedding and spending time with all of our friends that we haven't seen in a long time.
I've enjoyed the house to myself for a while this week.
When I heard ducks flying over our home in the middle of the night knowing that they are looking for a place to migrate too.
I WANT TO COLLEGE
A new pizza place opened up where my previous favorite place closed down.
I had a really good dinner tonight.
I was happy that my daughter cooked me a nice dinner.
My partner went on a very successful date with someone they are also dating.
Me and my sons went to the fountain in the middle of our town and played around for a few hours.
My youngest said a new word, crunchy.
I got more responsibility at work
Spending the weekend with my cousin and her new baby.
Finally got my gym membership back
None of the wine we brought home in our suitcases broke while in transit on the plane.
When I found my favorite whole grain cereal on sale at the store.
A couple weeks ago I was playing basketball and I dunked on someone!
My girlfriend came over and we cooked dinner together.
I finally got a promotion from my job.
Mom brought home a nice meal from a fancy burger place that I haven't been to in a long time.
I got a raise at work for a job well done.
Receiving an email from a professor stating that the practice test, that I aced, counts as our final grade.
I found a new garden center rather far away from me but much better than the ones I am used to
I was able to play my favorite video game uninterrupted for several hours 2 nights in a row.
When my husband and I went to the ReStore and found a door that we needed and it was even better than the type I had hoped we would find.
Played my Switch for a couple hours.
I was able to eat a good lunch at a nice restaurant today.
Another event that made me happy was driving 5 hours to surprise my mom for her 53rd birthday; my fiancA(c) and I got to spend the weekend with her and celebrate with gifts and her favorite cake.
I got a new car.
I went out on a date.
I found a new cream cheese spread that I'm really excited to try!
Last semester I passed the hardest class in my graduate program.
I woke up late
Discovering that I can actually pay all of my monthly expenses with MTurk and I don't need to get a real job.
I got a huge bonus from work, $1500, a couple of weeks ago, which was more than I'd been expecting.
My son's soccer team finally won a game after 4 losses.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
Watched Guardians of the Galaxy with my nephew.
I was able to find a good seat in my evening class.
Finishing a lot of work today at work.
My son told me he loved me this morning.
My mom loved her mothers day gift.
Wedding cake tasting
My daughter yelled at the trees to "stop it"  on a windy day this week
I beat my older brother in a game of monopoly which is a rivalry we have had since we were young.
I JOINED A NEW GYM TODAY.
I had a great dinner with a friend and we were able to catch up.
Getting a raise at work.
I bought myself a large plant with two flowers on it for my apartment balcony.
My friend shared me a new funny video.
We are the animals in the zoo.Lion,Elephant,Tiger,Fox,Giraffe and other small animals.we are take photos.
Someone complimented my cooking skills.
am feel very happy because of my elder sister get a first rank in Gradation results, after i listen that good news my family members so happy.
I had a meeting go very well at work the other day and received a client compliment.
My cat came home after being out for a very long time and we were worried he was lost
Last month i went to my native place to visit my grand mama and i was very happy because the childhood memories came to me and i felt like happening once again just like playing with my friends.
went to shopping
My daughter has been registered for her first day of school, later this year.
Finally getting to the day that my mom was done with her cancer treatments.
I got a promotion at work.
Getting a compliment about my work from a new client who was genuinely impressed with unique approach to solving her problem.
I completed a challenging deliverable at work.
My friend had a cardiac catheterization and was told her "pipes are pristine".
My son recently learned to count to 10 and it made me so proud (& still does).
Decided to workout for the first time in a year.
My computer was having technical problems and so it had to be sent in the be fixed and I just got it back and now it works great.
Eating a dessert that my mom made.
I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- i have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's,i felt so happy.That time, its a great money for me and my parents.
My son made a sweet Mother's day card for me
My son & his new wife made me a Mothers Day brunch this past Sunday which was really nice & delicious also.
Today I got to relax in bed for hours and binge Netflix.
we are all family members going to seeing water falls .that moment very happy.
i plan to go to restaurant for celebrate this promotion.so me and my friends also .it gives lot of goodness to my self.it is very good memory in my life.
got the new mobile with best offer price
my lover gave me a gift and it was so exciting he told me to come to our meeting place and then he gave me the gift Monday and it was so nice and it was my favorite he loves me so much
After celebrated alagar festival we went to thamukam ground to saw the exhibition with childrens then we went to shops on that ground and buy the cosmetic's items.
I spent some time with a friend from middle school earlier today.
Took my dog out to the park he really enjoyed being outside and so  did i getting to spend time with him.
i brought new school bag for my son
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I went to a baseball game with my friends and my team won.
I was happy when i got to know I will be transferred to my home location.
my son participated in school foot ball match and had won the match.i am very much happy seeing his success.we have attended to see the match seeing his moves and shouting from everyone i really enjoyed and felt proud.
I won $20 on a scratch off lotto ticket.
My cousin gave me a present.
I found a cable that was missing.
i managed to finished a 10k marathon
I got to play video games before bed.
I shared a song I played on my guitar.
My wife and I bought a new car.
I had a great breakfast at Hardee's
Getting a $3 raise finally after 2 years overdue.
My boyfriend brought me my favorite sandwich last night for dinner.
I got to take my mom out for mother's day.
Spent time with my nephew and his dad after not seeing them for awhile.
I woke up feeling refreshed and rested this morning.
I enjoyed an incredible piece of music.
Last Thursday, one of my friends dropped off three bags of food that he wouldn't be able to eat due to new dietary restrictions.
Getting my paychecks.
I had a bagel with extra cream cheese for breakfast.
I jogged on the treadmill.
I successfully cooked a really good pasta meal.
Being greeted by my dog yesterday when I got home.
Watching a great film like Nebraska with my wife and friend made me happy.
I celebrated my mother's 65th birthday.
I bought a new dryer that my girlfriend had been wanting.
I was happy that a chair I wanted went on sale.
My mom called me yesterday and told me she was going to come for a visit soon.
We have been invited to a pool party that will take place in about two weeks.
I got to speak with an old friend that I hadn't talked to in 8 years.
My brother's back surgery went very well.
I was able to enjoy wine and candles in the bathtub after my child went to bed.
I met my grandmother's new puppy for the first time.
Went on a Ghost Tour of New Orleans.
Went on a great date with this amazing girl I met.
Another event that made me happy was when the cable installer came and installed our cable.
Buying my most anticipated game
My friends dog was lost and someone found it she gets it back after 3 days.
Moving to the 3rd round of interviews
I tried my new rollerblades in the park and they worked really well.
School out for summer
Went on a vineyard tour and wine tasting trip.
Had a great dinner with my wife daughter and my parents.
I was happy that we finally had a nice warm day.
I played basketball with a group of kids in my neighborhood.
I had a great meal and caught up with a friend from college
I saw a male Bewick's wren feeding his mate who is sitting on eggs in a little birdhouse we have out back.
I got the aftermarket parts I ordered for my car.
Our daughter got a scholarship.
I won a $15 dollar gift card to a bike shop.
My son and I played golf together at a new golf course that we wanted to play at.
Walking with my dog
I ate a delicious snow cone from a local food truck vendor, after i finished my last final exam for the day.
Brought flowers to my Moms grave on mothers day, made me happy for the memories.
Getting w/SEVERAL girls at the dance = the ones I like!
I came home from my study abroad program to family and friends that I missed.
Spending more time outside in nicer weather has made me happy.
Playing with my kids and seeing them laugh and squeal as I picked up a five inch toad.
I had a breakthrough in a song I was writing and I will be able to complete it soon.
My mother-in-law and I went on a weekend getaway and had a good time!
The Pittsburgh Penguins (one of the hockey teams I hate the most) are losing 4-0 after the first period of play.
I ate some ice cream.
I started dieting better and feel better for it.
I babysat my neice and she convinced me to jump on the trampoline, which I had not done in years--it was so fun!
Going and watching a new movie out in theaters.
i am very happy in watching movie
My father sent me a postcard from Hawaii and told me I should come visit!
I was relieved and very happy a few days earlier when my travel delay on a trip home turned around and I was back on schedule again; therefore, I would arrive at my destination at the expected time.
I wan 1.5 miles in just about a little over 10 minutes--new record for me.
I got to hear Irish bagpipes as I drove.
I renewed my gym membership and got a great deal for it.
Having time for myself to relax.
I beat the second Legend of Zelda game for the NES and it's really a hard game!
I was able to hire someone I'd been pursuing for a long time.
I got promotion in my job after completing a training successfully.
My brother scored very high (34) on his ACT test.
My sister born a new baby girl and I got promotion as Uncle its h happiest event for me.
I went out to eat with my girlfriend and we talked about the game we've been playing.
I was happy when I was able to lose several pounds after a week of dieting.
My wife got a new job at the hospital, which makes us both happy because we can increase our savings.
I got my micro SSD card and I can play videogames on my laptop
Binge watching X-Files with my girlfriend over last weekend.
abc season end show will be good to watch
My 5 year old had his first T-ball game.
I called in sick to work last Friday, but I was not truly sick, I just needed a well deserved break.
I caught up with a good friend of mine.
I am very happy when i met with my collage life girlfriend and we exchange our new phone number and remember our old days.
I went on a trip to Cleveland to hear classical music with my friend Ryan.
My coworkers arranged a party for me to celebrate a special event in my life, showing me that they cared enough to bother.
my father gives new car for my promotion it is very encourage to my self.i feel very proud to this gift.it makes more happiness in my life.i feel very happy to this memory.
i can remember the graduation day i got the degree certificate, the smile on my parents face made the 3 years of hell worth it
I was happy to receive the news that our dog's illness was not life threatening and he would be better in time with medication.
I CAN REMEMBER THE GRADUATION DAY I GOT THE DEGREE CERTIFICATE, THE SMILE ON MY PARENTS'S FACE MADE THE 3 YEARS OF HELL WORTH IT.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was going hiking all day with my mother.
I tried a new food I had never eaten before and it wasn't too bad.
We did journey in train its so awesome full greenish and good view to see village scene
Watching my favourite team winning the indian premier league, me being a big fan of sachin tendulkar was very happy to watch his team doing very well in the current edition of IPL.
I can remember the graduation day I got the degree certificate the smile on my parent's face made the 3 years of hell worth it.
YESTERDAY I BOUGHT APPLE I PHONE...MUCH MORE HAPPY FOR THAT PHONE
I gave the pizza man a 20 dollar tip and it made me feel generous.
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
I was happy when my wife got a new job that fits her style and pays more money.
I was able to plan some of my trip to Chicago.
My daughter spontaneously hugs me when I visit her lately which is a big change from the past.
We bought a new refrigerator
I helped my cousin buy a new car, and it was fun for me to drive along with him inside it.
MY HUSBAND GAVE A KISS TO ME.
Eating a turkey and cheese sandwich that I made for myself.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
My husband made us a huge plate of fries for dinner.
My favorite local cricket team was first to qualify in the final play offs in the domestic tournament
Injustice 2, a game I have been waiting to play for a long time, was finally released and I got to play it.
I was happy to feed a homeless dog that came to my vacation home for 5 straight days.
I attended a play at the theater with my girlfriend.
I was able to attend to attend a friends bachelor party in the Bahamas and had a blast.
My package was finally delivered
I went on a trip to the beach.
I had corn on the cob today for lunch, which is one of my favorite summer foods, so that made me happy.
My birthday was in March and I went out and celebrated with my boyfriend and all of my friends.
Going hiking with a friend.
I went to Chick-fil-A for lunch this afternoon as a "treat yo self" kind of break for me,
I got a grant proposal accepted at work.
This morning I had an excellent breakfast at home, it consisted of a mix of cereals, sliced bananas, yogurt, cinnamon, milk and raisings.
The time my friend told me that I was one of the most loyal and helpful people in his life and that he couldn't live without me!
I got to spend time with my best friend who is studying abroad.
I hired someone that has a lot of potential.
Our team won our soccer game yesterday.
The day off from work was rather relaxing and it was warm outside.
I went to meet my daughter and son-in-law in San Diego after hot seeing them for over 6 months.
I found several great movies to watch at the library.
I got off work
Me and my friends went to a WWE Live Event for the first time and we had a really great time.
I ordered three pairs of pants online and when they arrived they all fit me!
I finished my exams and semester at school with passing grades!
I made home made ramen from scratch this past weekend.
My friend, that I had not seen in a long time, showed up at the gym when I was there and we got to catch up and work out together!
Something that made me happy was that my parents helped my son make me breakfast in bed because he had seen a character in one of his shows do it.
I finished my Junior year at Southern Miss with a 3.2 GPA!
My grandson was on Skype and he started crying asking my daughter to bring me to him at that very moment.
Cutting my hair so it has a fringe/bangs and getting compliments on how much it suits me.
My cat snuggled with me on my bed earlier.
My dog was sick with parvo, but I took her to a vet and she survived.
I made a cute countdown calendar for when we move to cope with stress from moving.
Getting to spend Mother's Day with my mother and siblings.
I had avocado toast with an egg on it and the yolk was perfectly runny.
I went to see the Fifth  Element 20th anniversary replay in the theater last night.
I bought a new black sweater at Target last week.
I got a great promotion at work
Getting a 30% raise at work that was long overdue.
I made a cool song on my computer this morning.
I attended my husband's graduation ceremony.
I finally got to watch the movie I've been anticipating for months.
My wife had several biopsies to test for cancer, and they all came back negative.
My boss declared that every Friday will now be casual dress.
My son got accepted into a local college for art.
I got the job I really needed and wanted, after weeks of trying and failing
My son scored high on his SAT.
In last Month am feel very happy because of My mother eye operation completed successfully,after operation completed she takes one month rest after presently she is now .
I had fun playing with my pet lizard and feeding her crickets.
I solved some difficult problems at work.
I got to sleep on the ride home from work today since I was not the driver.
I went to my sister's house to fix a computer problem that took much less time than I thought.
Winning a online bet on a sports betting site.
I repaired some critical failures that my car was presenting.
I was happy to find out today that tomorrow they are making my cubicle the way I want it at work
Holding my girlfriend close makes me feel truly happy.
The ending of Big Bang Theory when Sheldon asked Amy to marry him.
Me getting a promotion at my job made me very happy and it made me feel appreciated.
One of the latest events to make me happy is when I got to speak to the mother of my girlfriend.
A good friend called me randomly to ask about my upcoming surgery, and made plans to call me when I get home.
It made me very happy to play baseball with my friends.
Sky is wet from rain
Seeing my son get his first medal for tee ball.
My wife and I got to spend a date evening together at the public library looking for books to read together.
I found out today that I got the job I wanted.
I was surprised to receive a free doughnut from a coworker last week.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I bought a good bottle of wine earlier this afternoon.
I had a nice dinner with friends tonight.
I spent an amazing week with my fiance!
Last month i went to watch a movie with my family and i was very happy because i am watching the movie which is re released with digitization.the movie is my favorite and i have watched during my childhood and the movie brought back my childhood memories.
ENJOY WITH MY FRIENDS
My girlfriend said she loved me.
the festival night at home
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WANT TO MARRIGE
I sold my car privately!
I am finally able to fit into my old clothes after dieting for 2 months.
buying ice cream a the grocery store
I saw 4 kittens being saved from drowning in a sewer.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
MY BLISSFUL MOMENTS COULD BE DIFFERENT FROM MINE PERHAPS.WHEN I COME HOME,I GET TO GREET THE PET I HAVE MISSED TERRIBLY THAT DAY.
Managed to begin the process to turnover major responsibilities at work to get rid of a big stressor on my life
I got a new job which is high paying and gives lot of comfort at work.
I won $50 at a Bingo event tonight.
Completed a difficult part of a game.
A musician I love announced that he will be playing a live show in my city in August.
I was happy when I found out my wife got a promotion.
I reached diamond 2 on a game called League of Legends.
In the past 3mth I went to Dubai with my family for a vacation n i enjoyed doing lots of shopping with them from Dubai .
I was happy when I was able to talk to one of my friends that I had not spoken with since High School.
My cousin and his girlfriend came from Canada after 2 years of not seeing each other.
AM GOING TO TEMPLE
I celebrated my wedding anniversary.
gone fora trip in bangaluru
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I got some new clothes
I went to a friend's barbecue and had some delicious food and good fun.
Getting free food at work
I improved my resume and honed my skills.
I attended a friend's birthday party, where we had a lot of fun.
I watched a movie i had never seen The devils rejects, the soundtrack was what pushed it over the top and made me happy good soundtracks are rare in movies or i have seen them so it was very novelty.
I got promoted at work and my salary was increased.
I attended my sister's wedding.
I played ball with one of my golden retrievers for about an hour yesterday.
We finalized plans to travel with my girlfriend and her parents to Texas in August and we'll get to explore another state we've both never been too, so we're excited.
All the seeds in my wife and I's garden have germinated and started to sprout.
I cooked dinner for my family.
Getting my new PC microphone made me incredibly happy.
Cooking dinner with my family
I've made a good bit of money in the last week in my part-time job.
I won a free dinner at a local resteraunt through a raffle.
My husband and i were able to have succesful, non-painful penetrative sex for the first time in 4 months.
My girlfriend and I went to a place that sells fresh fruit and got a bunch.
I got to take a nap yesterday after a long day working.
I saw the Fate of the Furious and really enjoyed it.
I went to my friends daughters grad party on Saturday and saw a lot of friends and had a really good time.
I love play monopoly with my wife and sons in my house
I ate a bacon and cheese pizza
One of my friends won tickets to see Cage the Elephant in town and we had a blast.
My daughter gave me a hug before I left the house for work this morning.
When I got my new cpu in the mail.
Watching cooking shows on Netflix
I won a prize for best volunteer award at a volunteer award party.
I took a day trip to Los Angeles and ate good food.
I bought a new house
I received multiple bonuses last night on mturk where no bonuses were in the description of the work I did so it was a wonderful surprise this morning.
The sports team I was rooting for won their game.
Seeing my son win his track relay race and his giant grin at the the finish line.
I am happy that tomorrow is friday
when i get home to watch tv
My Iphone-hating, Apple-dissing boyfriend went to buy an Iphone today, largely influenced by me :)
I received a raise at work.
We booked a vacation to go to Disneyworld and Universal Studios in June and it will be my first vacation in over a year because of my illness and surgeries.
I started an internship that I thought would help my career.
I went on a first date for the first time in months.
My favorite show was on last night, Designated Survivor, and I loved it and was perplexed at the same time!
I felt happy when I finished a really bad day of work.
In the last three months I got a new cat .
My uncle called to say he's coming to visit for the first time in years.
I got a message from my girlfriend after a long period of silence.
Walking in the sunshine.
My mom purchased a nice dress for me when we went shopping.
I went to a neighborhood bbq over teh weekend.
I was happy that my favorite baseball team won their game this afternoon.
This morning I thought something bad happened to my cats, and I found them very much alive and well  in the basement
My boyfriend finally getting a job made me jump for joy because now I can have help with paying my bills.
I talked to my daughter on the phone
My son makes me so happy because he got a first place on a swimming competition .
Another event that really made me happy was having the opportunity to work for a transcription service.
I received praise for me hard work at my job.
My daughter received the highest character award that her school offers.
I got to leave work early
I was very happy to have dinner at a restaurant with my girlfriend.
When rain came in summer.
GO TO HOTEL,PARK,CINEMA FOR VACATION I ENJOYED
I booked a vacation that is quickly approaching.
I had a good breakfast
I went to a restaurant and a live band there played some of my favorite songs unexpectedly.
I found a pair of pants that were on sale and fit me very well.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My mother said I have improved a lot in the past year at being a better human.
The new caramel M&Ms may be the greatest candy I've ever tasted.
Bought and cooked my favorite rice.
Watching my daughter get her first home run!
I bought a new car from the Mercedes dealership.
I watched TV.
I skipped work to go out to the movies with my wife.
I WANT TO SHOPPING
when all of our family are went out to a vacation
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WANT TO COLLEGE
I went car shopping to look at newer cars and am very excited to buy a newer car debt free!
I left college for summer break and went back to my hometown.
My nephew called for advice about a problem at work and I was able to help him quite a bit.
when i share a heart felt moment of joy and laughter with my family and friends.
I got to sit outside and read in the sun and warm weather.
when i share a heart felt moment of joy and laughter with my family and friends.
when i share a heart felt moment of joy and laughter with my family and friends.
Our youngest child, who is a college student, made straight "A"s in all classes this semester.
WHEN I SHARE A HEART FELT MOMENT AT JOY AND LAUGHTER WITH MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS.
my first world trip plan executed
I bought a new jewellery which made me happy
I am going to temple
the restaurant messed up and forgot to charge me for a dish
Had a great productive workout that energized me for the rest of the day.
My boyfriend sent me a link to a funny article.
My 3 month old son laughed for the first time 2 weeks ago, and it made me extremely happy.
I went for a tour with my wife.
My wife and I found a new restaurant that we really enjoyed.
bought a new Car
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I saw Guardians of the Galaxy 2.
I got to hang out with an old friend and watch an NBA playoff game.
THE HAPPIEST MOVEMENT IS CHARGE TO PERSON TO PERSON AND TIME TO TIME , AS FOR AS REGARDING MY HAPPIEST MOVEMENT IS CONCERNED WHEN I COMPLETED MY HIGH SCOOL RESULT IT WAS JUST MOVEMENT.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
I earned good amount of money in mturk.
I saw a butterfly land on a flower.
I went to a friend's wedding.
My daughter was behaving sweetly with her sisters last night.
I listened to my favorite podcast on the way to work.
Buying tickets to the next baseball game
A friend helped me with my car.
I bought a great camera which helps me to take good photos.
I was waiting for my friend and someone walked by with a friendly dog who wanted to play fetch with me.
Face timing with my best girlfriend who recently moved far away
I had a score of 200 in bowling during the first time I had played the sport in three years.
I had a cool, refreshing drink.
we found a new peddlers mall
Then I drove to the local boat harbor and walked about half a mile to it's north to see the turtles resting on the shoreline, which I found very enjoyable.
Another game in one of my favorite video game series was announced the other day.
Bought a new golf bag last month and I've used it several time, love it
I played with my cat
I am able to pass my writing assignments.
A guy I am interested in asked me out for a date after seeing my photos on Facebook.
This morning, my best friend told me that her husband and her brother already found a job in their new country of residence.
Ate some nice soup.
I saw an old friend again who had been living in Europe for two years.
I found out a friend of mine from Australia is getting married and he invited me to his wedding, I am not sure if I will be able to go but either way it made me happy.
I reached 1 million steps in the walking challenge for my work wellness program which means I will receive a free T-shirt.
My girlfriend and I played Exploding Kittens (a card game) for the first time and it was a lot of fun.
Our dog graduated obedience school!
I spoke to my sister whom I havent spoken with in many months.
My sister had ordered a gift I had always longed for, which I received by mail.
Getting complimented at work by my boss for a project I finished.
My mom said she doesn't need my help with the dog anymore.
I got to play catch with my doge
Getting myself an Amazon Fire Stick.
My young sister called me from college, it was great to hear her voice since we haven't talked for a while.
I saw my brother, who is from out of town.
My brother flew from New Mexico to visit me for a week.
I bought a new car
I received a bonus from work and I look forward to spending it with something I like to do.
My brother came in from school to visit for the week.
While at work, I was able to solve an issue that others were struggling with.
I am happy that my kids had their last day of school.
I read a book I enjoyed very much, and that made me happy.
One of our cats Roxy was at our front screen door and the baby across the street came to our door and kept yelling DOG at Roxy.
Getting on a new date with a Chubby girl but I was so happy that she looked much better than expected.
Getting a new pet
My son agreed to mow the lawn.
I bought 2 books at the public library for 20 cents.
I moved closer to my family, made me a happy camper
I bought a pair of skinny leather pants that fit so nice on me.
I finished my semester at school for the summer
The crow at the park cawed at me for not feeding him peanuts fast enough so they are starting to recognize me now and it fills me with glee they are so entitled they feel like they can boss me around now.
I ranked up in competitive play in Overwatch.
My SO made me a shelf today.
Went to the beach and looked for seaglass with my daughters one sunday.
I went on a hike with my family near my old college.
I got a message from  my childhood friend who i haven't seen after graduation and this was  my happiest moment .
I was happy when my dad called me and we were able to have a really good conversation.
I took a day off work and barbecued with my family.
It rained this moring so I do not have to go outside and water all the flowers and plants!
It's gotten warmer out, I'm enjoying the 90 degree heat.
My daughter got played with her first Little Tikes basketball hoop today and she loved shooting baskets.
ALL MY FRIENDS AND RELATIVES ARE CAME TO MY HOME FOR BIRTHDAY PARTY THAT TIME I REALLY ENJOYED
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I cooked chili at a competition.
My parents came visit and we went to the horse races and I won some money.
My brother graduated with his master's degree a few weeks ago, and I was very proud of him.
I spent mother's day with my family.
when my boss told me to go home early because work was slow.
we had lunch together
I decided to take a spontaneous vacation.
Starting phase II of my workout routine which I am better suited to show my strengths in
I finally reached my healthy weight goal of 165.
I watch my son figure out how to put his shoes on for himself and was proud at the pride in his eyes.
I got to play an old video game that I haven't played in a decade.
I play during rain
I got my salary credited
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My financial planner told me that I can retire early at age 59.
My daughter and I played a board game together.
I went for a walk
My husband and I found a huge big screen tv in the dumpster that worked!
The last time I went to my regular Dungeons and Dragons game(s).
My parents are seeking a girl for me to marry me.
I was very happy when I went to the mall when my husband
when somebody compliments me sincerely on my work, i felt proud and successfully.
WHEN SOMEBODY COMPLIMENTS ME SINCERELY ON MY WORK,I FELT PROUD AND SUCCESS FULL
WHEN SOMEBODY COMPLIMENTS ME SINCERELY ON MY WORK,I FELT PROUD AND SUCCESSFUL.
when my brother got hike in salary
i got a huge profit in my business
With the move to Idaho, my family and I were able to get back together again since we had been living in different states for almost a year for financial reasons.
The local store had frozen sausage rolls at half price, I grabbed ten of them, and getting a tasty bargain made me very happy.
I ate tacos at a restaurant.
My daughter bought her first house all on her own!
2 months ago i went to canada it looks like very much and most beautiful place in the world
I bought a car, that I plan on repairing and using for parts.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
Having a cookout with my aunt and uncle.
My bike got a mileage problem.It was not fuel efficient for the past two months.I reached the service center but that didnt find a fault.I was really upset.After I told my brother about this issue he himself solved the problem in just two hours .I am glad that he did it.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
A FEW DAYS BACK ON SUNDAY I AND MY HUSBAND SPEND WHOLE DAY TOGETHER WATCHING OUR WEDDING VIDEO AND RECALLING THOSE MEMORIES WHICH MEANS A LOT IN OUR LIFE WHICH DEVELOP A BOND OF LOVE AND TRUST WHICH WE FELL IN OUR EVERYDAY LIFE IN FACT I THINK A PERSON SHOULD DO SOMETHING LIKE THIS SO THAT RELATIONSHIP BECOMES STRONG
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
When our small business successfully completed a big holiday week last week.
I went diving with my best friend.
My fiance and I watched a funny comic on Netflix and cuddled.
I got a customer to do business with me.
It made me very happy to spend a video game with my brother.
when my sisters first child was born and the nurse show him to me i can not describe what i felt but it was unforgettable birth of my sisters first born and holding him for the first time
I had a wonderful shopping experience recently when I purchased an instant premix coffee that has done wonders for me.
I passed my final exam for a subject I wasn't confident about
My husband and I thought the transmission was shot on the car and realized that there was just a nut that needed to be tightened.
I went to Russia to meet a girl.
my daughter came first in her class for drawing
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
My daughter broke open a pinata.
I along with my family visited my uncle's home last week.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I dropped my Mom and sister off at the airport and we had a great conversation during the hour long drive.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My mother gave me a sum of money for no apparent reason.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I attended a crawfish boil with my family.
When I stand as the representative of a large group of people.
While listing to an old playlist of music I made I found a song that I used to love.
Having two extra conference periods at my job this past week made me happy!
My summer holidays started and i came home.
I found out a girl at my work likes me.
Sitting on the beach at night, fiance by my side, in Iceland, watching the Northern Lights.
I got to see a very large pileated woodpecker at a very short distance in my yard
My son rode on the lawn tractor with his grandpa.
Being discharged from the military caused a certain amount of happiness and relief.
The person who was opposing my thesis was transferred.
In march I got a raise for my job.
when my sister marriage in 2 april I was so happy and also excited
I bought a new 3 BHK apartment near my workplace for me and my family.
I AM GOING TO HOTEL WITH MY FRIENDS IN THE PAST 3 MONTHS THAT DAY VERY ENJOYABLE THEN VARIETY OF FOODS ORDER IN MENU.
My sister had successful gall bladder surgery with no issues.
I was able to find a suit for an upcoming wedding for under $100
It made me happy when my family came over a few weeks ago and I made homemade pizza and toasted ravioli.
I was one of the guests at the church during the baptismal of my little niece.
I celebrated my wedding anniversary.
It made me happy to see my father in law get a special award, recognizing his years of service as a volunteer for a local youth sports program.
The event occur about a month ago when my friend and me getting engaged and go to the best journey ever
My oldest daughter has started communicating more with me, and is happy.
We had a retirement party for my husband and about thirty people came and wished us well.
I spent time with my family at a local fair.
I went to Aldi to purchase two items- someone with a full car let me go ahead of them.
Bought an icecream (chocolate chip cookie dough flavor) on a really hot and sweaty day.
I've eaten my favorite biriyani today.
My 9 month old daughter got her first and second tooth without any fussiness or fever.
I was happy to see some tiny baby ducklings survive all the predators at the lake and grow very big.
I found out that my mother, who was diagnosed with cancer, is finally being declared cancer free.
I ate really good bread.
Today the ensemble that I teach completed the first run of our first tune on the field.
The last round of soccer games for the season is about to start on TV, so I am thrilled to follow all the coverage and drama.
My team won the state championship in tennis yesterday.
Going swimming with my girlfriend was a fun experience.
My son was accepted into a prominent school.
My daughter had her first sleepover where she actually stayed the entire night, without getting upset or scared, and she had the best time with her friends!
I did a hit on M-turk that I received $22.00.
I got a new tv
Two weeks ago I signed and got the signatures from my soon to be ex husband.
An event that made me happy was celebrating my daughters birthday with family.
It has been a year since I washed my car and I was very happy yesterday after washing it.
I have been looking for a munchkin kitten, and have recently found a lady who's munchkin cat is pregnant, so I will be able to purchase one soon!
I emailed a professor asking for his assistance on a project and he agreed to help.
I participated in a NASA meeting at JPL in Los Angeles and was complimented by the program manager for the Mars 2020 mission for my comments and observations on the safety analysis portion of the mission.
My dog walked back from the elevator to my apartment door without me leading him.
I went back to church
I adopted a cat from a local shelter a few weeks ago.
I spent quality time with my little brother this weekend.
Spent a full day watching Star Trek
I attended my first rock concert.
I ran in a "running music festival" in Chicago and didn't get hurt.
My my mother in law came out successfully from operation theater, I felt so happy
I was happy when i bought a new guitar amplifier.
I got a job offer from one of the firms that I had interviewed for.
I rented an inflatable water slide for my nephew's birthday, it was awesome.
I bought a new bass guitar.
I took a day off yesterday from working.
I went fishing during opening day on the Beaverhead yesterday and caught a lot of fish.
As a retired person on a fixed income I transferred my first earnings as an Amazon MTurk to my bank account.
One event that made me happy was getting back in the gym after not working out there for a month.
A friend sent me a recommendation to apply for a job at his company because he thinks I would be good at it.
my softball team won a game against one of our bigger rivals last week
Two days ago I saw a very cute pair of older Labradors on a walk.
I went to Valencia, Spain for four days with my boyfriend.
I was able to pass the first round of a job interview.
I had a facials party with friends.
When I finished a large project I had been working on for about a month, I was overcome with satisfaction and happiness.
I got to book my trip to london next.summer.
Helping a co-worker with a project.
I celebrated my granddaughter's birthday.
I went to my cousins birthday party that I hadn't seen in a while.
Expanding my family (currently pregnant) looking for a second vehicle and things are not going as planned but my husband is doing extra things to ensure we will have a family vehicle before the baby arrives (selling items around the house, figuring ways to find a more affordable car, etc.)
I got a promotion at work.
I became good friends with a person named Kyle.
i got my first salary as rs 3000/- i have spent rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents, i felt so happy that time its a great money for me and my parents
My friend graduated and invited me to her party.
Visited my neighbour house.
I earned $100 on MTurk for the month, a new record for me.
my mother stitched a dress for me for the first time
I then told my wife and son about the good news and their positive response made me even happier.
A happy moment in my life was in September last year when my long-distance Girlfriend, i meet her first time i am very happy feels,
MY FAMILY VISITED TO nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
I went to Library and read many books which made useful for me.
Last month i participated cocktail event management and i was very happy to learned some of favorable cocktails.
My wife passed the government exam held yesterday and qualified for a job.
HAPPY TO IN WORK
I climbed the tree with great effort to reach the top.
Going to the mall with my friends
I reached a new level of mastery today in a game that I play that allows me to help new players and puts me at a greater role in the community.
My boyfriend came over and gave me a great neck massage.
I did well in a job interview, and was invited for a second interview.
I got my passport for my big trip.
I watched as my favorite NFL team drafted quite possible the best defensive back in years which was thrilling.
My son and his wife had my wife and me for dinner and the entree was great and we got the recipe.
RIT Commencement, watching fellow classmates and peers graduate
Our very hard to reach quota for new loyalty club members at work was reduced by corporate to a more attainable goal.
I found out that there will be couple of Game of Thrones spin-offs in the next few years, I just love that show.
When i received healthy appraisal amount in my last appraisal cycle.
I have discovered an obscure band that I love.
I was able to buy a plot and a house in my name with my savings and little help with bank loan.
In the past 3mth I got a promotion in my job n was given a certificate for being a hard working employee
MY FRIEND GOING TO WONDERFUL PLACES FOR SEE THEIR SO HAPPY FOR US.THAT A MOMENT IS REALLY UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE.MY FRIENDS RELATION ALWAYS HAPPY FOR US.I REMEMBER THAT DAY SO HAPPY FULL FOR THE MOMENT.
My team wins an exciting football match.
MY MOTHER SURPRISE MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATE IN PARTY'S HALL AND I AM VERY EXCITE THAT DAY AND VERY HAPPY MOMENT
My daughters teacher told me she is doing great last Friday.
I'm improving my MMR on Heroes of the Storm at a good rate.
THE HAPPIEST MOVEMENT IS CHARGE TO PERSON TO PERSON AND TIME TO TIME , AS FOR AS REGARDING MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IS CONCERNED WHEN COMPLETED MY HIGH SCHOOL ,IT IS DEFINITELY AN UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT FOR ME ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS WAS WAITING MY RESULT ,IT WAS JUST MOMENT.
I work from home and got suddenly swamped with nonstop "nearly impossible to finish by the deadline" work all finished and completed in advance of the deadline.
The three monts easy to identify the work and easly to lean
Presenting my paper at a conference
I went for a trip with my wife.
I visited my parents after travelling for work for months.
It made me happy to see my son get his first home run playing baseball.
I was able to get a home project completed.
I treated myself to ice cream one hot Saturday afternoon.
I was able to start my new job and be able to move to a new town.
I am happy that the warriors won their playoff game
my wife told me that she was having a girls night out, which meant that it was beer, pizza, basketball and underwear for me.
I went to temple and pray god.
Both of the kids had sleep overs at their friends and I had a rare evening to myself to read.
I saw two dogs playing, and it was a pleasure to watch.
I bought and currently playing The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild and enjoying it very much.
BEFORE  TWENTY DAYS I  WENT  MY  COUSIN'S BIRTHDAY  ...THAT DAY  I HAVE MEET MY CLOSE RELATIONS  ....SO THAT EVENT WAS VERY DELIGHTFUL....
I got my weight down to 180 pounds.
I went on a bike ride with my family.
I helped one of my friends do promo shoots for a new web series for YouTube.
I got to cuddle with my girlfriend while watching a movie on the couch.
I went to see a NBA game for my birthday, and I had never been to one before.
I was selected to run a huge project at work.
I brought a new puppy into my home which excited the whole family.
I cuddled with my cat last night.
I got a free birthday meal at one of my favorite fast food restaurants called Steak 'N Shake.
I hung out with my friends to celebrate my championship title.
i bought Macbook pro past 15 days before can't explain how i felt that time i love apple products i wait nearly one year to buy macbook now only i bought it i'm so happy.
My house is finally all packed up and ready to move.
I was happy when I had sex with my wife.
it was a hectic day in work, surprisingly my boss in the asked to join with her for a party.
I went to dinner with my brother.
I did the FitBit Goal Day Challenge yesterday, hit my goal of 10,000 steps and won a trophy and a badge.
I finally got my big screen TV mounted to the wall.
Meeting my idol, Mary Beard, and being able to talk to her afterwards, and get her advice!
I went out to breakfast with my fiancee and ate pesto eggs benedict.
My husband works a lot, and when he seems to be off, it's raining; however, last weekend it wasn't raining, he was off of work, and we were finally able to take the motorcycle out for a few hours, which I always look forward to!
On Friday evening we had a neighborhood block party with all of our friends and had a blast.
We went to Cedar Point and had great weather.
The time I got a raise at work after feeling like my productivity was not up to my own expectations.
I finished an analysis of data for work.
I got to eat an a restaurant I had never been to before.
A good friend of mine made plans to come see me this summer.
When I completed a 5k race last month, I was really happy because I had work so hard to complete this personal  accomplishment.
When I got a 100% on my finals last week it made me happy and proud.
Bought my girlfriend some clothes that made her very happy.
My supervisor gave me a raise last month and it was actually a lot higher than what I was expecting.
Going out to get coffee at a local shop.
I passed a very important civil service exam with a 100.
I finally solved all the puzzles of candy crush saga.
I went clothes shopping with my daughter, and she was very well behaved.
The day I received a call saying I got a new job.
I went bouldering outside in a natural area with some friends for the first time.
My wife purchased a pair of Air Jordan Retro 3 for me.
Holding off on some major purchases for hobby for week until they finally went on sale before I pulled the trigger on the purchase.
I bought new chairs for my house.
An event that has made me happy in the past 3 months is helping out my teacher at school.
After months of playing I found all 900 Korok seeds in The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild.
My husband and I went to go see guardians of the galaxy 2 and it was so awesome!
About a month ago I took a test to become a teacher and not only did I pass, but got an extremely high score.
I bought a lot of souvenirs for my relatives, family and friends on my trip to thailand
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was learning how to use a grill and actually grilling something on it.
After moving my daughter has struggled to make friends in the neighborhood but recently found another girl her age to play with from school that she didn't know went to her school.
Last week I was rushing to catch the last train which is going to my office but as I was late I was suspecting that I will not be able to catch the same , nut as soon as I reached the station I got the train and I reached my office in time which makes me happy.
I am happy to be having my yard sale next week
my boy born with a lovely cry
I WENT TO YOGA.
I WENT TO YOGA.
I went to a friend's house to watch basketball and hang out.
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
I got my first paycheck from a new job after being unemployed for quite a while.
I watched an episode of Fargo, season 3.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I went to shopping mall and purchase dresses, bags etc.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Brother marriage Ceremony
My husband surprised me for our anniversary with a beach side hotel reservation and spa treatment for both of us.
My best friend from college days got placed at a leading company based on my recommendation... That I could be able to influence a person's career / life in a positive manner gave me immense happiness and positive thoughts...
I bought a new scooter for my son
My husband made delicious tacos for dinner tonight.
I received news that my brother and his fiance are expecting a child.
I found a piece of special candy I had been looking for.
Going for a walk in the local park
I got a surprise bonus paycheck.
My 5 year old daughter had her preschool graduation ceremony.
I went for dinner at a new restaurant with my family.
Visit Ooty cool place
finishing a book it has taken me 9 months to read.
I finished paying off one of my student loans.
I won some money in fantasy sports after several days of losing.
Went clothes shopping
I was happy to watch my favorite show.
Had a really good dinner at a nice restaurant.
My mother really loved the gift I got her for Mother's Day.
I bought my own vehicle and around my home town it's make me happy
After years of treating coffee drinking as a hobby, I recently tasted the best coffee of my life.
I got a gift of a book I've been looking forward to.
I managed to walk around the lake without turning back which made me feel great about not giving up.
I was able to sleep for a long time.
I recently purchased half a dozen chickens and setup a fantastic chicken coop for them.
I was able to get most of my work done for the poster presentation.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I finished a multi-month project at work a couple of weeks ago.
I visited a friend in Virginia.
I  bought myself a new 2016 Nissan car.
I delivered a lab presentation and research summary and was praised for contributing good research to the team.
I met a new business contact.
when me and my friends went to yoga classes together.
I beat a game that is extremely hard and took a long time.
It was a hot, sunny day, and I felt the breeze on my face as I drove my motorcycle down the road.
I got an A in a hard computer science class in grad school.
I accomplished a lot at work in the past week.
My husband and I sat down together to watch a movie and enjoy some alone time.
It started raining and it made me feel relaxed.
I got a promotion at work.
I attended my sister's graduation from college.
I discussed moving opportunities with a friend.
went to visit parents last month
I listened to an old comedy show that I haven't heard for a while.
I got a new haircut
I finished a long day of work and it went well.
Buying new clothes.
I gave surprise to my husband.
My daughter had big game in soccer yesterday scoring 2 goals.
Attending my nephew baby shower
Overheard daughter talking about how what she was looking forward to this year was her horse riding lessons, which made me happy hearing about how excited she was about it.
My husband took me on a vacation that he planned.
My husband had an actual good day at work and was in a great mood when he came home.
I made a perfect apple crumble and did not use a recipe.
Incompetent owner of store where I work has been fired and head office has taken over the store, which means more reliable paychecks
i had fight with my dad and mom and my mood was very bad, but my wife supported me and helped get out of that situation and i felt very happy that day.
I had the chance to wish my friend congratulations over his graduation from law school.
A friend of mine got engaged to a great person.
My husband was sweet and told me that he loves and appreciates me.
The appraisal for the home we are buying came back above value meaning we can get the loan.
I went to the movies for Alien: Covenant.
My favorite reality TV show is The Amazing Race and they aired two episodes back to back this week so that provided a lot of great entertainment.
buying some shorts for myself made me less sad.
I won tickets to a concert that I have been wanting to go to.
Won money on horse racing.
I had a great Mother's Day brunch at a local hotel.
My got recognition for my work in office.
I had been feeling lonely recently, but one of my friends introduced me to an interesting woman who I have been dating ever since.
The whole family and I took our four dogs out for a walk, it was a good experience and fun for all.
I ran for a train yesterday, and someone held the door for me until I got on.
Had lunch with two coworkers.
My dog stopped pooping inside.
My daughter send me tickets to visit her because my grandson was crying.
Hanging out with my friends, after a long while being apart, to celebrate two of our birthdays.
I received a screener for a movie I really wanted to review but couldn't get to see at a theater.
I was told by an acquaintance that my favorite actor had died, but when I checked online I was glad to see that he was still alive.
My friends and I were able to confirm that we will be going on an overseas cruise next year.
My wife and I hiked to Angels Landing in Zion National Park
I finished a project at my current job within a week
I finally finished all 12 seasons of Supernatural and OMG all the feels I had.
My mom surprised me with a gift of some new pans and cookware from Amazon.
I bought Shovel Knight on steam and it's awesome.
I was happy to help my dad remove a bunch of foliage from his front lawn.
Getting free tickets to a concert.
Found out that there is a new shopping mall area being developed near where I live
Meeting my best friend from school days after 5 years
When I successfully made myself pasta last night.
I completed a short fiction story I have been writing for the past few weeks.
I walked to the park and watched some performers play piano.
I ended a business that I had created, and I was involved in for over 20 years.
Last night I spent a couple hours talking with a friend I had not spoken to in a while.
I purchased my schoolbooks for next semester a day ago.
I found a quarter in a vending machine.
sharing my meal with the small child.
A few weeks ago, I went to the flee market and found the exact items I was looking in a very short amount of time and at an affordable cost.
I ended my college semester with a much higher GPA than I had envisioned previously.
Going to aquatic parks with my family makes me happy.
I was offered a new job that was exactly what I wanted to do.
I'm in summer vacation for thr next few months!
I ate some really great sushi today.
Purchased a new table saw.
I love watch Soccer games in my house with my Family
I got a new haircut
Went on a cruise
I replaced my small toaster oven with a big counter top oven.
I'm glad I asked for off work on Friday and now I have a 4 day weekend
My boss praised me at work in front of our entire team about how good my work was.
I won a sweepstakes for 2 free movie tickets!
I finally got a job interview.
My 10 month old puppy swimming in open water for the first time.
I tried out a new meatball recipe and it turned out really good.
The last happy moment i had was when a friend of mine came back to town for a visit and we had dinner and ended up hanging out
My happy moment was in the past couple of weeks I bought my first new car.
Saw the interview of Sachin Tendulkar live in the studio and got a selfie with him.
Ozma was happy to have Dorothy beside her, for girls of her own age with whom it was proper for the Princess to associate were very few, and often the youthful Ruler of Oz was lonely for lack of companionship.The creek where the whippoorwills nested, the rolling hills of wild flowers, and the soothing sound of meadow larks - they were all the sights and sounds of a happy childhood.
going out to a dinner with family
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My sister said that she went to the doctor and her check up indicates that her health is good.
I got to enjoy the day with my son and go to the store.
When my daughter told me she was expecting.
I had my partner's brother over to play table top games yesterday and we had a lot of fun.
Compartir con mis amigos, beber cerveza y jugar cartas y domino
My wife give me a priceless gift whe she born my cute son Lucky in last week, its happy event for me.
I finished my junior year of college with a 3.7 GPA
The day my husband and I paid our mortgage off.
get a new girlfriend from jakarta
I enjoyed time with friends at a party.
My daughter's senior prom Champagne party.
Watching, HBO, The leftovers.
I attended a good friends wedding.
My fiance and I moved out into our own place.
I just sat outside last night in the breeze of Spring, and I really soaked in the beautiful night for an hour.
riding my bike around town in the sun.
Bradley Cooper is filming his new movie near my house and I got to see him in person!
The day my niece graduated Kindergarden.
I purchased my first house.
Bottega Veneta VIP Sale, bought myself a new wallet for a good price, been wanting a new wallet for a while and was pretty happy seeing it on sale.
I joined the Gym last month and started to workout.When I completed the first day of workouts ,I felt really happy and proud.It gave me a confidence and I was happy all night.
I began growing grass and after the first week the grass started growing!
I watched the Guardians of the Galaxy 2 in theaters.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I purchased I my first home with my long term partner.
My boyfriend and I played video games all this weekend together.
This past weekend I went to two weddings.
I was happy when I saw the excitement from my kid as she picked blueberries at a farm for the first time.
I fit into a pair of jeans that used to not fit me at this same weight because my body composition has changed thanks to weight lifting!
I was offered an invitation to teach the confirmation catechism at my local parish for kids about to get confirmed.
I recently planned a vacation with a group of good friends at a beach for a week this summer.
I helped a lost cat get back to its owner.
A happy moment in my life was when I got a raise at my job last month.
It made me happy when I looked at my phone and I found out that I had earned a better score on a tough exam that I thought I failed.
I had a delicious cup of coffee that I had never tried before at a local cafe.
Finished a lighting layout for a new client, which had been in progress for over a year.
My son hit a triple in baseball.
Started school for web development.
An event that made me happy in the past three months is when I found out, at graduation, that I had the highest GPA in my division.
My son's sore throat feels better today and he went to school.
I made pasta with my new homemade pasta machine, starting with spaghetti.
Traveling to Isle of Skye and seeing the Quirang.
My father agreed to buy a car for me.
My husband brings me home sushi - my favorite food.
I spent a day with my sister eating at restaurants and playing video games.
Watching a family members Pug!
I started going to the gym and gained 4 pounds after the first week.
I successfully hiked a mountain in a national forest
In April I took a trip to London, where I visited a childhood friend.
I got my EBT card refilled today and was able to go grocery shopping.
I was able to help a coworker today as he needed someone to work for him so he could train for his next position which will be a promotion.
I tried a new restaurant 2 days ago and I was pleasantly surprised by how fresh and tasty the food was.
I played a great tabletop role-playing game with good friends.
I ran a mile under 6:30 and feel like I'm in great shape.
Going to the Braves game with my boyfriend made me very happy because we got to enjoy a great game, people watch and eat and drink great food.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I get to relax and watch the warriors play tonight at my friends house
Kevin cleaned the cats litter box
My son came home from college for the summer.
Eating a delicious steak for dinner.
I wasn't charged brokerage fees to sell off some small penny stocks.
I was happy when I had dinner with my extended family.
Found a new series to watch on Netflix.
My friend bought a new car and I now enjoy carpooling.
When I paid the last tuition payment for my daughter's preschool.
I got back from a weekend vacation.
When I visited my parents and they were happy and healthy.
Went to see the Padres play at Petco park.
I recently bought two friends a housewarming present and I was nervous about whether they would like it or not and they really loved it, which made me so happy.
I was on travel for two days and my dogs were alone in house, when i come back they run over me and i caress them a lot, that was pretty funny and i was very happy
I went on a day trip with my family.
Finding success in my new role at work with added responsibilities.
Went fishing last weekend and had the best 3 days of fishing in my whole life.
I was amazingly happy when two of my children graduated this weekend.
I got to go camping with my bros!
I bought a bunch of stuff to make my own popping boba tea.
My best friend got married and I got to share the special day with her by being her maid of honor!
I went to a friend's wedding reception and got to see a lot of my friends who live out of town.
The new season of Kimmy is on Netflix
Teaching my son to ride his bicycle in the yard.
I was able to speak on the phone with a friend I hadn't talked to in 8 years.
I watched a movie
i went on a cruise with most of my musical idols.
Spent a day a while ago at a graduation party, we had a couple beers tossed the frisbee as well as played a couple cool games.
I got two gold fish added to my family.
I saw an improv show with my wife
I made homemade pizza for dinner last night.
About to head out to go hang out with friends for a day
I heard my little daughter laughing.
A put in a good workout at the gym after procrastinating.
I love play Soccer in the Stadium with my Friends
I was able to work out and hit my weight goal for the month.
My husband and I took the children to six flags and spent the entire day riding rides and having a blast!
Hearing that my mom's knee surgery when ok.
My boss bought me lunch one day, it was a surprise and made me very happy.
I finished a bunch of nagging tasks this weekend for work.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was when a person I care for finally started showing me that they cared too.
I was happy when I went to a housewarming party that my friend threw and got to see all of my friends.
When my daughter kissed my pregnant stomach.
I received a bonus from a requester on Mturk.
I was able to indulge in a brownie I can actually eat that won't negatively affect me due to gastrointestinal issues.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I got a $10 bonus on a Mturk HIT.
Another happy moment i had was when i found out i was accepted into pharmacy school, i was ecstatic because i have been working at this for so long.
I went hiking at a new state park with some friends.
i had a really good turking day
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I got to read a few chapters of my book on the porch this weekend
I got recognized at work for my volunteer hours
my sister visited me
We were having to purchase flood insurance for our new home, and after receiving an initial quote of $2,000+, we were able to find a company who offered the same coverage for under $300.
I bought a new computer to play games on.
My mother gift me a golden chain on my birthday its a happiest moment for me.
I finally finished a musical piece I had been trying to create this past Sunday.
I ate dinner with my friends.
I made a major breakthrough in a computer script I'm working on to make myself more money.
Attended party with friends
The first time my toddler said, "I love you."
My oldest daughter's military promotion ceremony
I resisted the temptation to have a donut for breakfast.
I won a round of cards against a difficult opponent.
Had an excellent home cooked meal
Drinking more water instead of coffee.
Being able to take the two mile walk with my wife without her knee hurting so bad that we had to turn around early.
When my basketball team won a game in the series for which most experts thought they would lose.
Watching my niece christened over the weekend.
I had an incredible work day yesterday, making me happy.
I had my birthday.
My son put on his hat for the first time by himself (he's one year old) and came to me smiling to show that he had done so.
celebrated my 45th anniversary with the love of my life
I received compliment from a surgeon on a job well done.
My girlfriend made lunch for me tomorrow.
I stepped out of my comfort zone and made a new friend.
My mother and my brother came half way across the country to visit me.
I was happy when my partner made dinner for me on Mother's Day.
I met up with an old friend who I had not seen in a long time.
I felt very happy when I bought my boyfriend his birthday gift because I knew he would really like it.
An idea of mine was used for a system wide promotion at work.
I bought home 2 kittens for my wife, who had been patiently wanting house cats for years.
Took my daughters to the circus
I got a 3.50 bonus today from a HIT I did
My husband bought the family a large swimming pool.
I got a brand new pair of Nikes half off.
When I had a good day on Mother's day with my mother and grandmother.
I got to eat a favorite meal.
My team winning a playoff game.
I had a delicious panzerotti for dinner.
I got hired on as a fellow for one of my professors.
Seeing my friend
YESTERDAY AT THE CASINO I WON SOME MONEY WHEN I DECIDED TO PLAY POKER AND HIT A COUPLE HOT HANDS.
I am happy that my grand kids are finally able to g to college and I know that they will do well in the future.
I was able to identify a problem and work right away and pass along the appropriate info to my colleagues so we could get a new module delivered to clients this month.
I bought a pair of shoes that I like for a good price at the thrift shop today.
visiting my natal town fair with my wife
I met someone new during an Easter party and we have become really good friends since then.
I helped my grandpa fix a door and he was thankful
I had coffee with a friend I had not seen in a long time and it was fun to catch up with her.
I got lunch with my girlfriend and thought the service was good.
My girlfriend and I went to a new place to bike and it was very nice.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My family and I went out for dinner and a movie.
I watched a basketball game that had an exciting ending and was one of the greatest upsets in history.
Linda told me I did a good job responding to an email when she was or of the office
I managed to get myself to sing on stage in the course of an audition.
I was able to boot and play breath of the wild on Cemu!
I referred my husband for a potential job at the company I work for, and got a very positive response to his resume.
I helped a lady at the grocery store find something because no one else was around.
I got backstage at Jesse's last show
I found some hard to find foods that I love from other countries in the store.
I prepared a nice meal for my girlfriend and she liked it.
A few friends and I planned a get together.
A long lost relative contacted me who I had not been in touch with in many years.
Went to a pizza party
My boyfriend and I had really a nice evening where we were very intimate and he shared a lot of personal things he hadn't told me before.
My first child started saying "I love you" back to me.
I spent some time cuddling with the dog.
I visited Mackinac Island with my boyfriend.
I had a back injury but this morning it was feeling better lately and I have been able to start exercising again.
I felt happy when I got my boyfriend a fidget spinner.
I watched the sunset.
Ate a watermelon with the whole family.
I was offered a promotion at the company I work which will take my girlfriend and I from VA to TX.
I went to the Shake Shack near me for the first time and ate a delicious lemon flavored ice cream that they serve there.
I bought a scratch ticket and won more then $1
I met up with a good old friend I haven't hung out with in a while, and we walked around our old college campus and talked about good times.
The weather was cool.
My stocks are making money today.
Cooking and reuniting the family makes me happy.
When i found a lot of work on mturk and made some good money.
I was able to make a new recipe for friends
I went mountain biking with a friend.
Started my health journey a couple weeks ago to try and get back into shape, it's working and I'm down a couple pounds from my start, seeing my weight was a great encouragement.
I took my dog to the park to run around.
Finished my undergraduate thesis revisions.
i went to a produce store and got a great deal on strawberries.
Last weekend I got to spend some quality alone time in my home when my sister left for a 5 day work trip.
I ordered two books online, and they were delivered earlier than expected.
My husband was able to get a day off of work to spend with our family for next weekend.
My husband making me a Moana Mother's Day card complete with Hawaiian breakfast pancakes.
Amazon is taking full responsibility by replacing and paying for all shipping costs on a defective item that they sent me.
My husband got me a mothers day card.
I won five dollars on a $1 lottery ticket that my friend gave me.
Today a coworker complimented me on my hair, she said it was beautiful and looked very healthy.
My son bought me flowers for Mothers day.
I HEARD FROM A LONG-LOST FRIEND
I was happy when my daughter was able to do a teardrop on her yoga mat.
The weather outside was very nice.
I WENT TO SHOPPING COMPLEX
Last weekend I found out about a big sale happening and two of my favorite shops were participating in it, so I placed orders with both.
I tutored a friend of mine and taught him new computer skills
A happy moment was celebrated this weekend with a party to celebrate the homecoming of family member from deployment.
Planning out a vacation with my wife.
My cat was being cute and I got some really good photos for my social media account.
My best friend got married last month.
Watch a movie of terror at home, eating cotufas and snacks
I had a super good burger for dinner; it had bacon, a fried egg, and was cooked perfectly.
I ate ice cream.
I attended the wedding of two of my very close friends.
Now,  I am very happy after spending so much of time together.
Seeing my grandma.
Going to church with family and friends.
Today my best friend told me that she already found a job and will be starting on june 5
I went hiking with my children, grandchildren and family friends.
Earning money on the weekend to make starting this work week goals for income easier.
last week out tyre in the car turned up flat and after an hour of calling repair places on a Sunday i finally found one that could fix it then and there!
We went out to dinner.
A played with a cat that was on my front porch.
I went to the movies last friday and I see a good movie
Then I considered all the children that my other siblings had which made me an uncle for the seventh time.
I was happy when I saw that my kid was practicing her guitar on her own.
Dinner with my family (parents, children & grandchildren)
Calling my friend on the phone made me happy.
My microfiber towels that I ordered from amazon finally arrived.
I received a call from a friend I had not heard from in a while.
Mother's Day festivities at my church.
I ran into a friend randomly in the street who I havent seen in forever.
I went for a run.
A month ago, I was very happy when my husband's brother gave us a riding lawn mower so my husband who has had open heart surgery wouldn't have to use a push mower anymore.
I brought a raspberry pie to my women's group, and everyone enjoyed it.
Eating baked goods made by my husband made me happy.
When I was playing with my mothers dog and she was licking my face and being overall a very cute dog.
I spent the weekend in Destine, Florida.
Got to travel in an airplane.
The announcement of a movie I was looking forward to seeing.
I watched an incredible new episode of TV show I really enjoy.
My boss treated me to a steak dinner for being salesman of the month.
We went camping at Sequoia National Park and it was amazing, I hadn't been camping in like fifteen years, it was literally a breath of fresh air.
I watched a good episode of a TV show I like.
I completed training so I can process blood on my own.
I received a super sweet and out of the blue text message from my boyfriend about how much he appreciates me.
I made my own burritos for the whole family and they were a big hit.
I was finally invited to work on Amazon Mechanical Turk after 5 months of waiting.
I am happy that my family is going to be together finally after many long years filled with trials.
I ran a mile faster today than I ever have and keeping improving my time to make it quicker.
My YouTube channel picked up 6 subscribers in one day.
I saw a really beautiful sunset over the valley.
It is nice outside and I spent time relaxing on the balcony.
Ordered a floor mat online and it was the perfect size for the room I wanted to use it for.
I present the last exam of my career in the university, which I exempt him with a very good grade, and I just would not receive my professional title as Senior Technician in Civil Construction.
I had a very relaxing afternoon with my fiance.
A customer called my boss and complimented my work.
I started watching the a show called Riverdale which I enjoyed.
When my husband and I decided we are going to move this summer.
When I got promoted at work.
I left home
I went for a two hour walk.
Ate a big lobster buffet at a casino.
I got to surprise my fiance's friends (he died 2 years ago) at their wedding to see them and all his friends.
Completing a major project at work, on time an on budget to client's satisfaction.
I felt happy when I woke up from a bad dream and saw I was still with my boyfriend.
got a bunch of work completed on my wife's car that i had been putting off for a long time.
I repaired my torn up wallet using yellow and blue duct tape matching the colors of one of my favorite NBA teams whose logo is on the wallet.
Started a new job today and it went well.
Went out on a trip with the family.
I reconnected with a few old friends over beer & board games; it was particularly memorable if only because I hadn't previously seen them in over a year.
Last Friday I purchased a stock and it reached its all time high today.
today i drove to a store i do not usually frequent to get myself breakfast however i noticed this store carries the alergy medication i need that most stores do not, convenient.
I took a picture of a Bald Eagle in a nest.
The Star Wars Last Jedi Trailer, I had been waiting for it for a while
I completed a chapter of a story that I'm writing after months of being on hiatus.
I'd just got the Masters qualification on Mturk.
today i talked to my old friend on mobile (video call)
Got masters qualification on mturk.
I got a great deal on a shirt.
MY FRIEND MARRIAGE PARTY
I WENT TO BANGALORE FOR INDUSTRAIL VISIT
I WENT TO BANGALORE FOR INDUSTRAIL VISIT
MY FRIEND MARRIAGE PARTY
I WENT TO BANGALORE FOR INDUSTRAIL VISIT
MY FRIEND MARRIAGE PARTY
MY FRIEND MARRIAGE PARTY
when my mother buy new laptop for me
I watched an episode of a TV show I like.
My school is about to have its last day this week and I'm happy for vacation.
I am happy to know that in less than a month, I'll be a father
One event that made me happy was going to buy a birthday gift for my friend.
My toddler took a nap
I got together with some guy friends to see a movie.
Today I received the masters qualification on Mturk, I'm so happy !
I was given today off from work, with pay!
My cup of coffee this morning was delicious!
The sun was shining brightly
Did highest sales in my office got incentives of $700.
I tilled and planted my garden.
I went to dinner with family and had a pleasant evening.
An event that made me happy was when I made it to my goal time of midnight without having any extra snacks during the day.
My wife let me sleep in today after a grueling night of work.
I ate dinner with my friends.
I made some delicious banana bread with my 3 year old helping.
Taking a week long vacation
I was happy when I checked my email last night and realized the I received the Masters qualification on Mturk.
I got the Masters qual on Mturk!
MY MOTHER BOUGHT ME THE WATCH FOR ME.
I was happy that my son woke up and was very happy and cooperative as I got him ready for daycare.
Roaming with my friends to some Amusment park and had a dinner with them.
The woman I have been wanting to date flirted with me yesterday afternoon.
My boyfriend and I spent quality time together taking a walk around the neighborhood.
I got a new job at Waymo working on the self-driving car.
I picked up a friends dog to doggy sit for the next week or so.
Went with my daughter and her boyfriend to the botanical gardens.
I got to play a basketball game at the park.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I was happy today in the morning because I managed to walk for 5 kms without any breaks in between.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
My daughter playing dress up.
Being on vacation from work.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
My daughter received a 100 on her math test
I ate ice cream.
Going out to dinner with friends.
There were a lot of birds chirping in my yard this morning and it was a nice sound to wake up to.
I got to attend the graduation party of a high school student I helped tutor in calculus this year.
I met a girl that I feel like I really connect with.
Getting to spend the night just lounging with my cat after a long weekend.
I started packing for my trip this weekend, and packing made me happy!
When I went to Vegas and gambled for the first time.
Had a customer come in and make a huge order and I will make quite a bit off of this job.
I went for a run last night after a couple weeks of eating poorly and not exercising much and it felt so good to be taking control of my health.
I finished watching the latest season of one of my favorite television shows.
Yesterday I had won a free fifty dollar walmart card for submitting a survey in the store.
I went on a long walk with my dog and a friend.
It was a nice day outside, so I got to walk to work.
Spending the weekend camping.
I discovered that my sister is getting married
My mother had surgery just the other day and I was so very happy everything went well and she pulled through alright.
I had some good flow the other night when playing my ukulele
I just got a paychek from work and that made me really happy.
I made a bean and bacon soup that was amazing and it was eaten by my picky toddler.
I got my new test system up and running at work.
Our dog Abby is used to coming to me in the morning for a treat and she did so again this morning making grumbling sounds and looking at me then the treat box.
On the train this morning, someone told me I had a nice smile.
My wife and I finally agreed and decided upon a location to vacation in and a house to rent for the vacation.
I went to my daughter's concert last night and she did a good job singing.
My son and I played ball outside and enjoyed the nice weather and bonding time.
I get to work on a volunteer project for a dog rescue I like.
I got some extra onion rings with my french fries.
My fiance finally cut his hair this morning and I love when he cuts it because it looks so much nicer and makes me happy.
My place of work sent out a letter expressing their intent to hire someone for a full-time position that I have been waiting to apply for.
I got some soda at the store for a great price.
I called off work today and I slept in.
Today I prepared one tasty food for my children's.
MY BLISSFUL MOMENTS COULD BE DIFFERENT FROM MINE.PERHAPS WHEN I COME HOME, I GET TO GREET THE PET I HAVE MISSED TERRIBLY THAT DAY.
I found out there would be a free catered lunch at work today.
Getting to go to the grocery store by myself without my kids.
When my girlfriend brought me coffee to bed this morning.
Watching a funny video that my boyfriend tagged me in on Facebook.
My boss complimented my work ethic after I arrived at work a little bit early!
My sister and I were talking and she told me a really funny story about an event that happened to her yesterday and we both laughed for a long time.
A Great sex with my girlfriend makes me feel awesome
My cheerleader daughter was finally able to master her scorpion pose; she has been working on it for WEEKS!
My girlfriend bought me a present
Bought all the ingredients for a special lunch I want to make.
A couple of friends came to my house to talk, have beers and chicken nuggets.
I hiked through the Sourland trails in the rain, it was beautiful!
Today is my brothers birthday and I will get to celebrate it with him at a restaurant for dinner
An event that made me happy was going out shopping with my daughter for her first formal dress.
I arrived home after a full day of work to see and kiss my fiance.
My younger son does not like to eat but he ate his whole dinner last night.
My son came to meet me which made me happy
I woke up to a beautiful sunrise today.
Finding a lost cat.
Yesterday my mom and I spent some mom and daughter time together; we went to lunch and Office Depot.
I have celebrated my marriage anniversary yesterday very happily and joyfully
I was very happy when I was able to get a dozen of my favorite cookies at Subway yesterday.
Finished watching Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt: Season 3.
I received praised from a client for work I did on a project.
Watched a movie with friends
I was happy while I was playing with my child.
My daughter said something that sounded like mama.
I grabbed a pizza from a new restaurant and it turned out to be really good.
I got to listen to some new music.
ate a very delicious lunch my wife made for me yesterday.
Petting and cuddling with one of my cats made me happy last night.
Having an ultrasound in the hospital and seeing my baby move around in my belly, hearing that everything is fine.
My boyfriend's aunt told us a funny story about a client she defended.
Going for a date with my girl friend
I went to dinner with my step son and two kids.
I got an email that said that I now have the Master's qualification on MTurk.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hrs is hearing my 5 month old daughter laughing.
I received a call from both my mom and my mother in law checking up on us.
I woke up and my dog was at my feet.
My 13 month old daughter ran up to me last night and gave me a huge hug and kiss just out of the blue.
I was happy when I went on a date with my girlfriend last night.
Ate some hershey chocolate after dinner.
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY  FRIENDS
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY FRIENDS
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY FRIENDS
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY FRIENDS
When I went to see my girlfriend which I have not seen in over a month, we went to see Guardians of The Galaxy 2.
I ate a bowl full of strawberries.
My baby son got his first toys and he's laughing much more than usual
I watched an amazing though provoking movie.
In the past 24 hours I went for a movie which was very good n I met my old school friend in the threaten n had a good time with her
Found a really good deal on pet carriers for my upcoming trip.
I found a cute dog toy while online shopping I think is perfect for my friends dog and I look forward to getting it for her.
I finished baking a loaf of pumpkin bread, and the flavor and texture both turned out much better than expected.
I become decision maker in my family.
My happy moment was am get a offer letter from a TOP MNC Company after i receive that i feel very happy.
I was able to take get my boss to approve me being off this Friday so that my wife and I can go to some wineries.
I installed a tv in my kitchen.
I was able to get the grass cut before it started raining
I got to have indian food for dinner
My husband took me out for a date night to celebrate last night.
I went to the coffee shop and bought over two kilos of arabica.
I played with my son for a long time and he loved it.
I got a new King sized bed, first time I've ever owned one that large!
I received my mom's old Ipad for free.
I got a new job that I like.
I had the day off from work.
yesterday i cooked fried fish
We stopped by his office before coming home and I got to see one of his co-workers that I consider a friend.
My daughter wanted to walk home with me and hold my hand.
I talked to my nephew.
My son hit a scored a goal in his soccer game.
I was able to get to work super early to get a project done.
Watching Phil Defranco's family channel made me happy
My daughter wanted so badly to go to school with my son this morning this makes me so excited because the transition to school will be easier for her and I am proud my daughter wants to go to school.
I enjoyed the cool morning.
I discovered a great place to set up a base camp to climb a couple peaks.
Going to my favorite Chinese resturant in downtown Evansville Indiana
My favorite NBA team, the Golden State Warriors, swept the Spurs last night and are now on to the NBA Finals.
My new Dodgers hat arrived in the mail.
I found out my fiance will get a insurance settlement that she's been going to court for.
My son drew me a card, I thought he was really cute and just made my day.
We went to a summer festival event and purchased household items.
i was with my girlfriend at the cinema.
My favorite band released a new song for the first time  and it was really good.
I finally got to watch the season finale of my favorite show.
Our air conditioning broke down and the repair man came to fix it finally.
An event that made me happy was hearing a song that i had not heard since my high school years.
My wife is getting closer to her summer vacation
I discovered the best granola in the world, and am hooked.
I ate a great, huge dinner that was prepared by my significant other.
I performed oral sex on my wife
Yesterday after work my boyfriend and I went on a 3 mile hike in the woods and I really enjoyed being out in nature.
I ate an ice cream cone that cooled me off.
Played Scrabble with my wife
Going out to dinner with my wife.
I was able to register for fall.classes and tuition was under $1000
The first time I had sex omg it was the most amazing and scariest thing at the same time and I am sure all of use can agree with this one.
I had a job interview that went surprisingly well.
My son's percussion ensemble put on a pretty nice performance
My sister called and we had a nice long chat, which we haven't had in a while.
I exercised at the park, it was fun.
The school I used to teach at contacted one of my colleagues, who really needs the money, to fill the position I left for another job.
Watching my daughter receive band awards made me happy in the last twenty four hours.
I ate a piece of chocolate.
I was able to try a restaurant I had been meaning to and it was very tasty.
I had a great lunch with my daughter and a few of her friends last weekend.
I had a really great dream and it put me in a good mood when I awoke.
I VISITED MY MOTHER'S HOUSE
I heard my child sing "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star" to the best of his 1-year-old ability.
My son helped me cook dinner last night, and he enjoyed having an important role!
I got my Master's qualification on MTurk!
Taking my last final and completing the last commute to and from the city until fall.
I decided to play another game of Final Fantasy Tactics.
My husband really enjoyed the dinner that I made for him.
I have been trying to eat healthier and work out and today I had lost some weight from last week.
I got to go to sleep at a decent hour last night, without any work-related, urgent jobs to keep me up late.
This morning I saw a cute dog.
Finally finding shoes for my daughter that fit her.
I was compensated exceptionally well for a short task and the money was deposited to my account in short order.
I bought a pinball machine.
I went shopping with my boyfriend, and I was able to buy him some chocolate that he really enjoys.
My first time making the sticky rice dumpling (Zongzi) was very successful and everyone in my family like it.
I went to a pool party
I picked up the new taco bell menu item after work and ate it for dinner.
My wife and I went out to dinner without our children last night for a romantic dinner.
An event that made me happy was going on vacation with family and friends to Cancun and swimming at night.
I noticed that the plants I planted on my terrace last weekend aren't dying!
me and my family planned to drill land for water supply to fulfill farming
I discovered I could do a lot more than I thought I could in the game Pokemon Picross by searching around the screen more than usual.
Watching a documentary on prisons.
Yesterday my sister and I planned to go to the movies this weekend to see Pirates of the Caribbean 5.
When my son fell sleep last night I picked him up and held him.
My husband and I were able to spend a few hours playing a game together last night.
I cooked pasta with red sauce and it turned out great.
I drove to a new job and met new people.
It made me happy to get a new job near my house.
We won the final match in cricket and Very happy movement for this match.
I got to sleep in and wake up with my wife before my child woke up.
an event that made me happy was my son's band concert, where I got to see him play the tuba.
Took a walk with my dog
I called a sales rep for work and she was a sweet old woman and it made me smile.
Earning money to pay for my computer parts yesterday
She also picked me up from work.
Today morning, my husband promised to take me to see a film, which I was dying to see for sometime.
Having grandma make fresh cookies
I found a NPC in a game that I hadn't been able to find for months, and finally beat that part.
My boyfriend gave me some money.
I had a great meeting with manager and team, our results were good and we planned some events for the upcoming months.
I was informed yesterday by my employer that we have a new large remodel project coming up that will provide steady work through the summer.
when i had a family time with my parents.
LAST SUMMER HOLIDAY WAS AN UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE IN MY SCHOOL LIFE  WE PLANNED TO GO AND AN EXCURSION TO A HISTORIC PLACE  WE ENJOYED OUR EXCURSION.
Shares i bought rise up to 5 %.
MY HUSBAND PRESENTED A GIFT TO ME FOR HIS BIRTHDAY
I ate good pizza.
My wife recovered from a week long headache
In the past 24 hours I went for shopping with my mom n sister n did lots of shopping
I brought new oven to house its black in color its very easy to prepare breakfast
I watched a new episode of one of my favorite tv shows.
I found out that I there was an entire full season available to stream of a show that I was not caught up on.
I played the ukulele and practiced some new songs.
I drank some soda.
My daughter gave me a big hug before going to bed tonight after we sat and rocked in the rocking chair and she pointed out all the animals on her mobile.
My big dog just tried to get on the couch but got tangled up in a blanket instead and it was adorable.
Playing video games in the evening after not having enough free time to do so last week or over the weekend.
I have my first basketball game today.
I used a new shampoo and it really makes my hair feel and look better.
A package that I've been waiting on for a long time finally arrived in the mail.
I had a very pleasant and personal conversation with a friend of mine.
Another event that made me happy was when I made it to work and only one person had called in sick.
Completed a lot of administrative paperwork.
My favorite barista was at the coffee shop this morning and she always brightens my morning.
I got to spend some time sitting and talking with my aunt.
When I got home my wife had already made dinner
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
Watching a football match in a TV
I got to eat chocolate from Hershey.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Watching a hockey team I don't like get eliminated from the playoffs.
I finished my work
I am happy today whole day because its my daughter's birthday.
I watched a good tv show.
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to reconnect with an old childhood friend.
A hummingbird flew up to the window and looked at me.
I was able to work in the building closer to my house, so my commute home last night was only 15 minutes.
I read a play that I found at a garage sale and it was really funny.
One thing that has made me happy in the last 24 hours was finding out that my father is recovering well from his stint surgery.
Watching movies with my girlfriend.
I WENT VOCATIONAL TRIP AND ALSO JOIN US FAMILY FRIENDS AND ALSO WENT OOTY TO SEE MANY PLACES AND ENJOY THE BOATING RIDE VERY HAPPILY.
My friend has been working on publishing his first book for many years and it just came available to pre-order online.
Yesterday at work was relatively quiet and there were no big problems that arose.
Last night I played a computer video game that I hadn't played since college, and it took me on a nostalgic trip.
Being able to partake in an office raffle.
I got a gift card to my favorite restaurant for helping my neighbor.
An event that made me happy was attending my sister's 50th birthday celebration.
My dog kissed my face this morning
My husband brought us dinner home and I didn't have to cook for the family.
I had sex with my wife
My friends came back from vacation and I was able to hang out with them last night.
I developed some really good interior design ideas after listening to an inspiring podcast.
Had a record day on mturk earning for 30 dollars in one day
I was granted vacation the week of the 4th of July.
I am getting new glasses.
I ate a delicious dinner.
PERFORMING YOGA IN THE MORNING
A childhood friend came back from North Carolina to visit family
Getting to visit with my sister.
I made plans to spend time with my sister, who I have not seen in a while.
I heard from a friend I haven't in a while.
I talked to my dad on the phone.
I was very happy to see my partner come home from work because I was looking forward to telling her about my day.
I soaked up the sunshine in Seattle yesterday.
My car didn't die on me, as it's having issues, that is amazing.
I was happy when my son asked me to watch a show with him.
ate a great steak
Heard a new song from my favorite artist.
I learned how do to a dessert i always wanted to make and it actually turned out really good!
I successfully cooked myself a dinner of chicken enchiladas and spanish rice.
My sick cat who is having trouble putting on weight nibbled on food all night last night, and I have hopes that she might have put on an ounce.
I got a promotion at work.
My boyfriend sent me a text message of a really funny picture of a dog wearing a bunch of loose fur like a hat.
The golden state warriors won their series.
My dad finally got a diagnosis and it is not as bad as it could have been.
My mom told me thank you for taking her father to the emergency room.
Today every one in home ate food and praised the taste of the food.
When I left work.
I did some yoga and it felt really good since I had been sitting all day and my body was tight and sore.
Favorite show was on TV.
An event that made me happy was going out to dinner with my sister and celebrating her birthday at one of our favorite restaurants.
I opened a new bag of food for my Dog Rex, and seeing him so excited made me feel happy.
I watched one of my favorite TV shows last night, it was the season finale and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Achieved the office target  and overflowing or the next month.
Winning our intramural soccer game
I reunited with my two beloved dogs, who I hadn't seen in over a month.
I have cleared the exam for banking sector
I have the day off from work due to a scheduling error.
I got a party invitation.
I masturbated to some porn.
I received a second interview for a job that I want, which makes me happy.
I signed for classes and am getting tuition covered.
Something that made me happy in the last 24 hrs would be waking up to my daughters beautiful smile and sassy personality.
I cooked myself dinner and was worried about the recipe but it turned out to be incredibly delicious and I was proud of myself.
I was able to eat pizza
My mother in law made a very tasty snack especially for me in the evening.
I was happy today that my afternoon meeting was cut short and I was able to leave work early.
I baked a pizza for myself last night and it was delicious.
My daughter told me that I was the best mommy in the world.
I found nacho cheese bugles in the supermarket, my old favorite snack I hadn't found around in a long time.
Walking in the rain with my puppy and enjoying an empty park.
I went and bought some new clothes.
I went to the gym and had a really good workout.
I ate ice cream
I went on a nice walk last night with my dogs and my sister.
we won a big contract at work so that means more steady work and more pay.
I finished my first day of coding school and had my first meeting with my mentor.
I came home from work and my wife and my toy poodle Cupcake were already in bed waiting for me to tuck them in!
I ran a 5K run in under 30 minutes and was barely out of breath at the end.
I found a potential job opportunity that I'm qualified for and that I have a connection who works there.
The part that I ordered to restore my truck came on time and fit perfectly onto the vehicle.
I was able to take a walk in cooler weather that's not typical for this time of year.
Had a nice meal with my mother.
My mom surprised me and picked up sushi for dinner.
Better Call Saul had a great episode that advanced the plot, and it's something I look forward to every week.
My internet was fixed and is now faster
After a long day of work, I went to a dinner with some friends.
Got a water table for our daughter and watched her play
Buying a new television
I ate dinner and got drinks with two of my best friends at a very nice restaurant.
Braves beating Pirates made me happy last night.
My sister brought home a tasty chocolate whiskey bundt cake for us to eat.
My significant other made dinner instead of myself making it.
I found an old VCR I used to use and was able to fix it just for fun.
I smiled at a pretty girl at the beach and she smiled back.
What made me happy most recently was a conversation that I had with my girlfriend regarding the idea of moving in together.
I preordered a Blu-ray of a movie I have been very excited to see, and it arrived in the mail today.
I made a good observation at work that my boss was pleased with.
Having a nice dinner at my brothers house and seeing my little nephew.
I got my iguana potty trained to use the tub
In the past 24 hours, I was happy going on a walk with my mother.
I played baseball with my friends.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My kids were able to get out of school early for their doctor appointments.
Speaking with my sister for the first time in a few months.
eating a delicious lunch with fresh deli  meats
I am working on a project at work that interests me greatly.
My daughter and I went and got pedicures.
Last night I went to the cinema.
My mother gave me ten dollars to get food.
I watched my daughter-in-law finish her marathon
I presented my project to the class.
Finding my dog, he was missing
I became pregnant with my first baby
I got to see and take care of a lot of patients today
Today I got to take an hour long walk on a beautiful trail.
I had dinner with my aunt last Tuesday at an Italian restaurant.
I organized a spring BBQ picnic with friends at a nearby lake.
I got ice cream at the local ice cream stand.
I had time to read some of the new books I bought this week.
Reaching my daily goal on Mturk made me happy because I had not been able to do so for a while.
I woke up to my boyfriend and realized how happy he makes me and then he turned around and kissed me good morning.
I learned a new song.
My boss allowed me to leave work early, while still getting paid for a full day.
My boss left work early, so I left early, too.
Recently I had put on extra weight but found out that I had lost four pounds at the gym.
I cooked a lovely meal that my gf loved, she praised my cooking skills and made me really happy.
I was happy after having stir fry for dinner last night because I was craving it.
My cat, Tripp, mrrrwd at me, stretching up to me sitting at my desk chair, and asked me to pet him.
Listening to a song I haven't in quite a while.
I found out that we get out of work early on this Friday, leading into our three day weekend
My cord for my external hard drive came, so I can next making it work.
I booked a trip to see family out of state.
Having a pizza after too long without.
After having my internet connection down all day, I was finally able to get online about an hour ago.
I finished a difficult day at work.
I completed my 3rd last day at work.
Traffic was good on my way to work so I was able to make up some time and ended up getting in on time instead of running late.
Making chicken tender from scratch with my niece.
An event that happened in the past 24 hours was watching my long time girlfriend finally graduate college and get her BA degree from a good school.
I was able to sleep for a long time.
My little brother went to the Public Library to apply for summer volunteering which will greatly help him for his college application.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months is learning how to swim.
Went to the Scottsdale Contemporary Art Museum and saw and exhibit I liked.
I opened a can of Cherry Pepsi and took a nice refreshing drink.
When my daughter wanted to run in the rain this morning before I took her to preschool
I DID SWIMMING TODAY AFTER LONG LIME
MY FAMILY MEMBERS WENT TO A PICNIC.
I got a lot done at work this morning.
Some of my students won a soccer championship last evening!
My mother-in-law went into the hospital voluntarily after two weeks of us begging her to go for dehydration and abdominal pain- what a relief!
My spouse made me happy this morning when he woke me up with a kiss and told me he loved me.
I decided to purchase a new video game.
I went on a nice morning job.
I was able to get to go to the store in a timely matter.
An old friend messaged me and we talked for hours
I beat a video game that I have been working on.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I went to Cancun for the first time.
I ate Philly cheese steak with fries and a Dr. Pepper
I heard my unborn child's' heartbeat at the midwifery office.
My six month old son laughed at me.
Tonight my husband danced with me in the kitchen while I was waiting for dinner to finish cooking.
I played an app design game and received a perfect score from the players (voters).
I got to leave work early to deliver parts.
I am selected to church choir to sing songs.
Had a great dinner made and ate it with my family.
The day with my wife
One event that made me happy was when we won our soccer game today.
One of my students got a big scholarship to college.
I WANT TO MARRIGE
I was very happy when I went to the shopping mall with my husband
Sleeping pleasantly yesterday amidst lighting and thunders.
We enjoyed our story time at the library this morning.
My son had very happy birthday today
I listened to a podcast that was very funny and made me laugh out loud.
Venting on the phone to the rep at Amazon for an order I placed and received the wrong item even though it didn't rectify the mistake
I finalized my trip to Alaska.
I ate cookies today.
My 1.5 year old son did a new song and dance called Mana Mana from Sesame Street.
I enjoyed petting my two cats for about 5 minutes.
I was able to go out to a concert with some friends last night and have a good time.
I went shopping and found some really cute items.
I had some good pizza
I fed my dogs leftover steak.
I won 5 dollars on a lottery scratch off ticket.
I went to see my brother who lived out of state.
Buying a crib yesterday for my soon to come baby made me real happy.
I met with a friend and we talked about details for a trip to Seattle this summer.
Buying a new phone holder for my car
My youngest son asked me to dance with him; we did, and had a great time.
I received good health news about a family member.
My husband kissed me.
I went out drinking with my cousin.
I was able to spend extra time with my husband because his work day ended earlier than usual.
My daughter asked me to put the Ani DiFranco station on Pandora.
I finished a really good book that had a much more satisfying ending than the previous book I'd read.
I visited with my grandfather for some time last night, it had been a while since we got together and it was nice.
My cat snuggled with my while I was feeling sick; he laid on my stomach and took a nap.
My husband cooked a delicious dinner and brought it to me.
I finished a large coding project at work.
Today I went in the morning to the service of the church, and singing to God gives me happiness
I went to the gym today.
My wife and I did couponing, which is fun because it saves money.
When I finished a task which was so hard that I had spent many days on it.
Being able to take my mother out to eat lunch after the dentist, as I have been trying to work more online.
Got a big project at work done
It made me very happy to see an NBA game last night.
I found out my sister is having a baby.
I've met someone who enjoys things that I love.
The dandelions in my yard are finally not coming back after applying weed treatment to my grass.
It made me happy when someone at the MGM hotel found my cell phone when I lost it and turned it in.
Finding a new lip serum that seems to work and smells amazing.
I spoke with my brother through text messages, we don't talk very much.
I had dinner with my wife.
Beating Zelda: Breath of the Wild made me happy.
Went for a drink with my coworkers.
Finishing my presentation at work  and can relax for the rest of the day
I learned today that I have received approval to take out a loan to by a new house, which is awesome.
I bought a new laptop.
I went on a mile long jog around town after work.
when I went to bed and snuggled up to my husband
I bought a beautiful dress and shoes.
I had a piece of cookie cake at lunch today, and it was delicious!
I got to watch the UNC tennis championship match on TV.
I ate a nice, big and delicious lunch that I made this morning.
I pet a kitten.
My mother called me from work to tell me that she won $20 on a scratch-off lottery ticket.
I splurged and got a super yummy coffee at a new coffee shop that opened up.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
When my husband thanked me for making breakfast and kissed me goodbye before he headed off to work.
My boyfriend and I got back together after a huge fight.
I made bbq ribs for the family
After searching for an hour to find a new shirt wear at a wedding, I finally found the perfect shirt at Express.
I ate really good chocolate my boyfriend gave me today
I went to see Guardians of the Galaxy 2 at our local theater and it was a great movie.
Worked 7 hours online, which is a great feat for me.
I played with a dog and they were happy to see me.
Eating pita chips
I went with my girlfriend on a trip to Thailand.
Another thing that made me happy today was getting to watch the premiere of the new season of Twin Peaks.
I watched a basketball team that I like defeat their opponent and earn a trip to the NBA Finals.
My fiance got home from work, and she has the night off tonight.
Decided to eat a salad for lunch.
I watched Teen Mom and laughed at Farrah.
I got to sit around and watch friends.
My dad called from prison today, and it wasn't collect.
Digivolving in a game, I've been working towards that for an hour!
i was having a bad day and had to take care of a bunch of errands on my break and my coworker covered for me and take an extra long break so i could get everything done and relax.
I saw a cute bunny in my yard.
I bought a special tool and cleaned my mini-blinds to a shine.
I finished an inspiring book and started two more.
More of these hits were posted and I got to do one!
I was able to meet with a manager at work and he had many positive things to say about my recently completed work.
My niece got into dental school.
Received a 12.50 amazon gift card from a m turk study.
I was able to get in an intense push workout that makes me feel nice and pumped up.
It rained most of the day today and that makes me happy.
An online order from Urban Outfitters came to my house four days earlier than their estimated delivery date
I was also told that I was pretty
My brother in law came out in the rain to help us put a tarp on the house.
I was happy when my grades were finally posted on my school website.
Getting called for a job interview
I won $20 on a scratch ticket last month.
Had a side dish of Spanish rice with supper and everyone ate it.
I am on summer vacation
I contributed some good comments at a work meeting.
While eating breakfast, i felt a light jab from my border collie, she had gathered the paper dish the bird tossed from the top of his cage and brought it to me for her task treat!
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I was at my job and one of my students told me that I was his favorite teaching assistant out of the other 11 teaching assistants.
Going to the gym and exercising made me happy because I was glad I made it there and I was happy I could accomplish the whole class.
We went to dinner with my boyfriend's parents and family.
I ate a delicious dinner.
I thought of a very funny moment I had with friends at school (in the past) when I made them laugh.
Finding a solid balance in my personal and professional life.
Next we went to zoo.We are watched many animals in the zoo.Small to big animals are there in this zoo.Watched and  take photo graphs.
I was correct in my task at work.
I visit a new mobile showroom just opened I get a gift from the lucky draw.
I received notice that an item I ordered, which was delayed in transit, would be delivered tomorrow.
With my family member's 4 days trip to Mysore.
I was walking on the sidewalk and I saw a lady with a little fluffy puppy on a pink leash walk into a shop, the dog resisted going in the shop and I blinked and then saw the dogs back paws flying into the door.
I created a Tikka Masala meal for dinner that surpassed my expectations.
When my child told me she wanted to spend the day with me instead of going to daycare.
I went park with my girl friend and talk many future matters.
I danced with my child for a solo song in my house.
I WANT TO COLLEGE
MY BROTHER PRESENTED IN MY BIRTHDAY IPHONE APPLE MOBILE AND THEN VERY EXCITING THAT DAY VERY HAPPIEST MOMENT
Met a high school classmate , we talked a lot and it made me quite happy.
I went for a walk with my wife.
I resolved an issue with my bank where money had gone missing.
I made my goal by noon today, and now everything else is extra and will help me make up for yesterday.
my friend did an impression today of someone we hate from work and it was really funny.
I ate from my favorite restaurant.
My daughter who has mental issues started a helpful psychologist.
Managed to finish an extensive 5 page paper and a 2 page paper in the span of a few hours.
I chatted with our bread vendor at work, and that makes me very happy because I have a huge crush on him and he's always brightening my day.
When I was able to finish a week's worth of school work in one day.
This morning's happy event was finalizing and confirming the summer vacation to the beach.
Ate a pleasant meal with my family for dinner while enjoying our daily show of Jeopardy and the nightly news.
I finished the writing assignment I had been working on.
today watched cinema
I thought about the fact that my son is graduating Kindergarten this week.
I've made a lot of money today
I had some of my favorite rose.
I received an unexpected call about a job that I started today.
My new nan came in the mail, it has a picture of a cat on it.
I ate my favorite candy - kit kats!
Played Hearthstone for a little while.
I listened to my favorite song by my favorite band, The Monkees.
I got a nice deal for the DSLR camera that I have my eyes on for at least 1 month.
I earned 15 dollars doing a hearing study at a university.
When I get an invitation from an old girl friend who I haven't seen in years.
Don't have to go to the grocery store because wife already did
I was happy when I was watching a TV game show and I knew the answers.
I felt energized after coming back from a jog.
went to the keys for some family time
Waking up to the smell of recently made french toast, my favorite breakfast.
Had a pleasant walk around the neighborhood with a good neighbor/friend.
I went for a walk and had a conversation with a friend.
Spending time with my dogs outside in our backyard made me happy.
The rain, and the cooler weather it brought about.
My in-laws are celebrating their 25 year anniversary today and I congratulated them.
Found a way to consolidate all my credit card reward miles to take a round trip with my girlfriend when I want to.
A third thing that made me happy in the last 24 hours is planning a long weekend with my husband.
I was shopping for my new kitten and picking out new things for him
I went to the animal discovery zoo up the road from where I live and was able to see the owl and wolves.
My mother got a promotion
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was listening to a coworker that was retiring and hearing how she enjoyed her job.
I was able to watch pornography.
I attended my child's end of year school program today, where he participated in singing, dancing, and telling everyone what he wanted to be when he grows up.
i show the movie on theatre.
I went out and played tennis for an hour and a half.
Have a nice glass of cold water after my workout felt unreal.
I found a cute mermaid doll.
I finally watched the most recent episode of Rick and Morty, and it was very funny.
I was incredibly hungry, and my husband made me a grilled cheese sandwich.
I watched a hilarious Mike Tyson video!
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I liked eating the pasta my mom made.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I scheduled a Father's Day trip to see the Chicago cubs play in Pittsburgh for Father's Day.
I made a payment on my credit cards, so now I wont need to pay for a while.
I talked to my daughter on the phone
I was very happy when I received flowers as a gift from my spouse and it was unexpected.
Talked to my best friend on the phone for an hour catching up.
I received a a discount code in my email that will save we some money on a future online purchase.
I have been caffeine free for 4 days!
My son took a long nap this morning, and I was able to catch up on some things.
I made plans to see my nephew in a few days.
I got to see my grandma and promised to make her my brownies when I come back next time.
I have my second league basketball game tonight.
Finally getting my cat's nails trimmed after procrastinating for a while.
My friend told me a story.
I went back to work today after being out of work for the last two weeks.
A big soccer game is taking place tomorrow between Manchester United and Ajax, and I just discovered that I will be able to watch it from work.
Finding an awesome new song to workout to was just what I needed and excited me about my next gym visit.
Someone at work brought in candy for everyone.
i had to go to guitar center, a store a normally dont like very much, but a helpful clerk got me a good deal on what i needed to buy and was very nice to me.
I had a nice home cooked meal with my family
Received a call back from a consumer protection agency and had good customer service.
I was happy when I received a phone call from a friend I have not talked to in a long time.
My friend and their family came to stay with me on vacation.
I was able to complete my report at work today that was overdue due to missing information.
Someone gave me a large tip at work.
My employees made me my favorite cake for my birthday.
I ate a home cooked meal
We spent the day on a little beach relaxing on a hammock and drinking, it was so much fun.
While reading my bible today, I found myself wanting to continue reading instead of wondering how much I had left.
I made plans to go to travel to another country on vacation.
My friend from Philadelphia flew in unexpected as a surprise.
I WENT FOR SHOPPING AND GOD SOME GOOD OFFERS TODAY
After the park my daughter took an hour long nap and I was able to get a little housework done while she was sleep.
I finished watching a really great series on Netflix and am looking forward to the next season.
Finished an rpg i was playing yesterday.
I had fun telling my daughter her bedtime story and getting her laughing and smiling.
I got to play a game of darts with my roommate ten minutes ago.
My package from amazon came today.
We bought a new swimming googles for my kid.
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I was working out at the gym and I was able to bench press the most weight I have ever done in my entire life.
I received praise at work for doing a good job.
I had a burrito bowl and it was very good.
Passing my yearly evaluations
kissing my lover.
I cooked pork chops on the stove for dinner and my husband said they tasted good.
I bought a plane ticket to visit a friend.
I got to video chat with some old friends and they were happy to see me.
My boyfriend calling me after work to talk about our days.
I had peace and quiet to enjoy playing a video game for the first time in a long time.
I watched some really good episodes of The believers voice of victory with George Pearsons and Gloria Copeland, they talked about promotion.
My husband woke me up this morning with a nice back rub and coffee in bed.
I was able to help a friend who is moving by giving her some contact information for her new city
When I learned that my mom was excited about me moving in with my fiancA(c).
Finally i got promotion at my work
The day with my pet
My cat Bast was so happy to see me (and the fact I feed her) when I got home, she came up to me and begged to be picked up and petted.
I inherited some of my Grandmothers prized possessions which had a lot of meaning to me.
I was very familiar with playing guitar after several days of training.
my brother's girlfriend who was staying with us for the past few days finally left.
Trying hard to find mobile when it is in non-vibrating silent mode, i searching the phone all around in my house, but i kept in my pocket, At that time all the members of my family looked me and started to laugh.
Trying hard to find the mobile when it is in non-vibrate silent mode, i searching the phone all around in my house, but i  kept in my pocket.. At the time, all the members of my family looked me and started to laugh..
I overcame an hour of tired unproductive work by actually getting some work done before lunch.
i visited my grandfather at his shop and had a nice talk
I made $100 on mturk for the first time ever yesterday!
My girlfriend apologized over something that had really upset me recently and that she had refused to apologize for earlier.
My mom gave me a few magnolias in a vase.
watching my friend win a game of PUBG
It made me happy to have a nice dinner waiting for my partner when she got home from work.
my daughter started her summer break.
I had a big amount of leftover cake from the weekend.
I binge watched the recent release of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
I was able to buy an item online that I cannot find anywhere in the United States, and I really needed it.
I watched a movie
I took my dog for a walk and the weather was nice.
Enjoyed one of the largest and most delicious bacon cheeseburgers I have had in a long time the other evening along with a cold glass of beer.
We had a tree cut down today and it didn't hit my car or house
When my son gave me some money.
I ate a really good wrap with chickpeas and spinach.
I lost 1 lb since my last weigh in.
I am watching and seeing that Manchester United will be in Champions league.
There was a shoe sale at JCPenny so I was able to buy new hiking shoes.
I went for a bike ride with my daughter
I watched my favorite soap opera.
The network went down at work and I got to go home early.
I purchased a computer mouse that is more technologically advanced than my previous mouse.
I was happy when my husband texted me randomly at work to tell me that he loves me.
I have been looking for a full time job for about a month now, and I got a call today letting me know that I'll start one next week!
I got to see my niece, we played for a few hours and had a blast.
Driven to take my mom to the orthodontist, to me it's always a pleasure to drive a car.
Getting a really good deal on a couch that is the comfiest thing ever.
I had a nice lunch.
I made a new friend at work.
I won a 50 minute League of Legends game (which twice the average time) and it made me really happy.
I played Grand Theft Auto V for a few hours.
I talked myself out of a speeding ticket.
Finding out I'm going to be an uncle
It was sunny and 75 today so I played 18 holes of golf with two of my friends.
I watched the season finale of Into the Badlands last night and it was fantastic.
I got promoted in League of Legends.
I got a big mturk bonus
I have decided to pursue my dream (again) of creating a production studio.
I talked to my son.
Waking up next to my girlfriend and giving her a kiss
Recently My sister came to India am feel so happy after a long days she came India that day very sweet day in my life.
I started to update the titles to online listings I made.
I received a letter of acceptance for a business application I had signed up for.
My dog was very happy to see me when I got home from work yesterday.
Found out a game I like to play is getting a major update.
My friend at work helped me with some new responsibilities and talked to our boss to come up with a good plan to teach me my new responsibilities
Attended an awards ceremony for my son's senior class where he received a full scholarship to University of Alabama.
my husband make a good chicken wings , love the dish !
I bought beer.
I found out my girlfriend went out to the spa and enjoyed herself.
I ate a cookie and ice cream sandwich from the local ice cream store.
Playing my PS4 made me happy in the past 24 hours.
When I tried cooking something new for dinner yesterday and my family enjoyed it.
I bought myself new clothes.
I bought my favorite ice cream.
My children finished the homework alone, without my help, I feel proud
I got a positive reply from a very attractive girl on a dating site.
I watched a couple episodes of a TV show I enjoy.
My girlfriend came to visit me after a three week absence due to work
My brother made me happy by surprising me with a pizza last night  :)
Today I was able to take a break from work and go to the gym.
I bought a new, comfortable mattress
I woke up early today just to get work done.
I passed my recertification exam for work today I got a perfect score
today watched cinema
I petted my dog on the head.
My husband made me coffe in my favorite cup and brought it to me.
My girlfriend sent me a picture of us on our first date.
Talking with my co-worker about something that we were both able to, on a deep level of understanding,relate with.
I played the piano and realized I had improved.
Last night my husband and I went to the movies, and it made me so happy to see the joy on his face.
My ex wanted to talk to me after we stopped talking for over a month.
I had a good client call at work.
Swim teacher told me I could advance to the next level of class
Watching my son graduate
My son, who lives in another state, posted photos of himself, his wife and my granddaughter's first trip to Sea World in Orlando.
I was given a big project at work and it makes me happy that my boss has faith in me.
I went to taco bell with my grandfather and my little brother and then we went to the park.
Someone went out of their way to hold the door open for me at the library.
finishing work for the day
I had some really yummy chicken wings tonight.
Ate a very tasty dinner last night.
I received my final grades for the semester of college that just ended and they were really good.
When my sibling went for picnic.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
School oficially ended for my kids today!
I watched the movie John Wick 2 and I enjoyed it very much.
My son slept past 6am for the first time in months.
I went on a trip to ohio
I unlocked a new card on Clash Royale.
Just got my grade back for my final project for college class today, I was relieved when I got an A+!
I bought a new cell phone for my dad.
I was able to fix my computer
Today was the last day of school and now I have the summer off.
It was not raining as I walked from my garage to my work even though the forecast said it was going to rain.
I listened to one of my favorite bands today on the bus, and my favorite song came on.
Yesterday, after waiting for over 6 months, my amazon mturk account was finally approved, and now I have the opportunity to start working on mturk tasks in my spare time.
I got to play catch with my grandchildren.
I bought a new laptop for my work for the exchange of old one.
My family and I went out for a special dessert of milkshakes after supper tonight and enjoyed time talking and drinking them.
I get to go shopping for food tomorrow.
I completed a customer training and everyone was happy with the product.
The air conditioning in my car turned on; it doesn't always.
I ate delicious carne asada tacos and elotes for lunch today.
Got subway for lunch at work
I went park and watch a movie with my girl friend.
I got to see an episode of American Dad that I've never seen before.
The cafeteria had fried chicken today and it was fantastic and it made me happy for probably an hour afterwards.
I ate ice cream after three weeks as I was on a diet
I went beach with my family and play some funny game.
Giving each of my children a kiss goodnight.
I ate some chocolate pie for dessert.
my sister told me she was pregnant
Purchased mobile case for my new mobile.
I took my dog for a walk and he decided to just lay on the grass, enjoying the breeze and being cute.
My boyfriend surprised me after work today by coming over to my place with a box of pizza and beer.
I brought my switch at work to play during break time.
I went out to eat at my favorite restaurant with friends.
Beating a hard level in a video game.
I got a promotion at work.
This morning's weather was overcast, which prevented the temperature from being too hot.
I got good news from a potential job offering.
I got to have some pizza, which is my favorite food.
I woke up to my boyfriend having cleaned the house!
My cat came cuddling to me last evening when I reached home and just sat in my lap for hours
I watched a rainstorm for a while while eating lunch.
Made an awesome dinner
I read a book while I had my breakfast this morning, which made me happy.
My wife decided to give me some of the tax refund.
I made my final student loan payment last night.
It made me happy that my daughter called me on the phone last night from another state.
I found a new youtube channel for cats.
My boyfriend asked if he could take me pillow shopping.
I am happy that I am finally earning a little more than what I was earning a few days ago.
My wife made me a great breakfast that included bacon and eggs.
Sat in the sun for an hour today.
My youngest son said he loved me so much this morning.
I'm happy that my college contacted me about a reunion.
I took a walk that was quite pleasant.
I got to grill burgers for lunch at work.
My mother called me by my name; she has Alzheimer's.
Watching a funny TV show when I was bored
Read an article on Medium that gave advice for a situation similar to mine
I bought the mod-kit for the Astro A40 headphones.
After being a bit off schedule I got breakfast at Mcdonalds this morning and even though it is unhealthy it was delicious.
The other day at work, I was informed that we will be getting a decent sized bonus on next weeks pay.
I washed my dog today and now he smells nice.
I took my spouse to the doctor with some concerns and found that there is nothing wrong with him.
I did a boxing workout.
I found a cheaper way to reserve a rental car and get an automatic upgrade.
My son got a good grade on a science test.
I was with my friends drinking for a drinking contest during evening.
I set up an interview for a job.
I went to the doctor and he told me that the swelling on my leg would be alright and that more than likely I didn't break anything.
Got complimented by a parent of one of my students for helping her this year.
Got a surprise phone call from my dad.
I booked a vacation and submitted for time off from work.
I got to eat my favorite meal, which I haven't been able to eat because my wife was pregnant for so long (Sushi)
I listened to a motivating podcast.
I made plans with some friends to play world of warships tonight.
Last night, I watched one of my favorite tv shows with my boyfriend.
one of the clients at my work gave me a compliment because i remembered to take care of something for her - she said it made her really happy
Is my sister's birthday tomorrow and I managed to found the perfect gift today.
I walked 5 miles.
I ran into an old friend at the gym, that I hadn't seen in about five years.
Having the motivation to get out of bed this morning and get to the gym before work.
Getting all my work done early.
Hit max level on an alternate character in a game i play
I found out that my company will be paying for my passport as I am traveling to Europe for work.
Throwing an end of the year party today for my students made me happy.
I achieved my daily walking limit for today.
I adopted another cat today and she is really nice and friendly
I got caught up in my schoolwork and am now on time with my classes.
My gentle yoga class, was very nice, relaxing, I didn't look at the clock and wonder how much longer it would be.
My dog licked my face
My wife let me pick what to eat last night knowing that what I was craving was something that she doesn't like.
I had a hearty breakfast which consisted of an omelette, banana, and cereal.
I had time to try out a brewery while on my work trip.
I tried to cook a new recipe and not only succeeded, but also enjoyed eating it.
I had some chicken mcnuggets for lunch.
I've made $40 in 2 hours mturking so far
I took my pups for a nice walk outside
My favorite online game was updated and therefore fixed and made better.
After I got a phone call for my job, I found out I can work as early as tomorrow, and the hours are reasonable.
I bought bulgogi today.
I WANT TO COLLEGE
I am making cornish game hen's for dinner with a new recipe I found.
I had to lead a big lunch gathering today and all went well.
Spent the afternoon at my sisters house, watching the kids play in the pool.
Last night my husband and I had a great sex session, and it made me feel loved by him.
Another events that made me happy was when I stood my ground against the school psychologist who tried to force me into submission and accept new students to my caseload to which I had no more room or desire to accomodate.
I went on a walk with my dogs and my sister
Made cold brew coffee in my fridge and had iced coffee for breakfast
I was able to leave work early.
I was driving today going to a town hall when I received word that I would get another title search in a town nearby and that meant more money earned today.
Getting papa johns for half price
I went the one of my friend's party, where I reconnected with a lot of old friends.
Hubby had to take my monster mother in law to the doctor and I had TWO WHOLE HOURS without having to put up with her, hallelujah.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I made a vegan lunch.
I talked wrestling with my coworkers Lori & Ken.
I got a new job today.
Having dinner with my boyfriend.
Watching a movie with my boyfriend.
We gave my daughter's teachers end of year gifts.
I got to see and cuddle a new, tiny baby.
I'm eating some fried rice with ribs.
I got to play my ps4 after 6 months of not touching the system since I had been abroad for work.
I got a large package in the mail today.
My son got awarded a $4,000 scholarship for college.
Met my well wisher and had a healthy conversation that makes me feel relaxed and good.
I talked to a friend that I had not seen in a really long time.
I WANT TO MARRIGE
I left work and it was nice outside
I received my mail today and in it was a package I ordered from Japan several weeks ago and had completely forgotten about it.
I reconnected with an old friend
I went on a walk on a new trail with my wife.
I ran 2.53 miles today which is farther than my previous run on Monday.
I fed some ducks.
I spent the time at a mom's house to relax.
I watched a movie with my boyfriend.
Last night I got to play basketball with a few friends.
watching judge judy
Helping a co-worker with a project.
My child won an Art contest and will be in the local paper tomorrow.
I got a great deal on some candy bars at costco
I watched some really good tv shows with my girlfriend
I fixed my car.
I went out to eat
I went to one of my favorite restaurants that I only get to go to once a year.
Set a date to meet a friend
This evening I heard the little owl, that lives in the neighbor's tree, hooting.
Getting off of work and playing with my kids
the moment i go out to store to buy an ice cream
I had a great conversation with my Lyft driver.
I realized Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt has a new series on and I watched that.
I ate a wonderful cheeseburger.
I am making curry for dinner tonight and started already.
Setting up a event with a friend.
I looked up a new genre of music that I now really like.
Today I got a new phone case finally for my phone because my old one broke.
I was given this Friday off from work with pay.
I had a nice afternoon with my daughter looking for a car.
I completed one of my work projects in good time.
I went to my Olive Garden with my children.
I was happy that my favorite basketball team won a playoff game
I ate one of my favorite meals for lunch.
I found the fidget spinner my son thought he had lost in the pocket of his shorts when doing laundry.
Feel asleep to the sound of a rain storm.
I got a new bike seat cushion!
I am ready for another lovely date and have been chatting with my date on line most of the day.
I found out I can take a week off this summer and still have enough vacation for my plans in the fall.
I finished a big project at work today.
I spoke to my parents on the phone for the first time in about a week.
I had a really good dinner tonight.
My son said "I love you mama" for the first time.
My wife was feeling terrible yesterday, but is feeling a lot better today.
After leaving work I remembered that my wife would be home early and that we would have time to spend together instead of our usual day of eating dinner, tv, and bed.
I sat and pet my dog while she laid next to me on the couch.
I tried a new soda for lunch today.
There was rain this afternoon, so everything smells fresh and earthy now.
Andre is on his way home from Georgia for a weekend visit!
Where I live has bene in a pretty bad drought and we have gotten a lot of rain over the last day or two
I finally got a package of ties in the mail that I had been waiting for for several weeks.
i made up with my girlfriend after fighting with her last night
Got to talk to an old friend for awhile yesterday that I hadn't talked to in years.
My favorite videogame is having a fun event right now.
I watched one of my cats playfully swat the other cat while laying down.
I WANT TO READ
My puppy tackled me on the floor the minute I walked in the door from work.
A new case for my iphone came today in the mail.
I did better than all of my peers today at work on my exam
Went to a brewery and tried 2 new beers.
Another event that made me happy was reading a good book.
Had a burrito for lunch
My older son goofed around with me.
I passed my driver's license test with only one wrong answer.
I practiced my drawing today for about 50 or so minutes.
My son won his school wide basketball game which made me very happy.
I got to see my girlfriend today.
I ate a delicious home cooked dinner.
I got to have a milkshake from steak and shake which is an establishment that is not local to us.
Went to a board meeting with my friends
Watch anime, and play some online games.
I found a Youtube channel filled with really amazing undiscovered music.
I got a picture of another raccoon sleeping in a cubbyhole above our backyard awning, and the little guy just stretched and yawned, not bothered by me at all.
when i helped my mom in household work.
My significant other and I are planning to watch the two latest episodes of two animes this weekend.
When I ran into a coworker who I hadn't seen in awhile and am fond of.
My son was invited to his first school birthday party.
It made me happy to eat chocolate with my girlfriend an hour ago.
My son learned how to open and close a particular container we have been working on for a couple of weeks.
I was able to check a new rare Pokemon on Pokemon GO.
I got a new car.
I made delicious coffee with the fresh bag of exotic Himalayan coffee that I brought back from my travel to Nepal.
I WANT TO SHOPPING
I got to leave my part time job early tonight but I will still get paid for the whole time.
I made a tasty loaf of chocolate chip banana bread for breakfast.
Seeing my child and wife after a long day at work, getting to catch up with both of them and relieve the stress of the day.
One of my close friend who has struggled a lot has now become a successful businessman and he shared it with me very happily.
ALL MY FRIENDS AND RELATIVES ARE CAME TO MY HOME FOR BIRTHDAY PARTY SO AT THAT TIME I FEEL HAPPY
The guy that I like was flirting with me.
My husband sent flowers to my office.
I went to the grocery store and found the exact product that I needed.
I WANT TO COLLEGE
I felt happy when I felt tired and overwhelmed by the idea of making dinner and then remembered a recent easy recipe that had been emailed to me I had all the ingredients for.
The guy I'm dating asked me to go to a wedding in September.
My husband made dinner and cleaned it up, always a happy event!
MY MEMORABLE DAY IS MY SCHOOL DAYS I ENJOY A LOT WITH MY  SCHOOL FRIEND GAND 10 CLASS
the maid came and cleaned the house and got rid of the cockroach in the bathtub.
I was happy when I was listening to music.
I had a delicious dinner waiting for me when I got home.
I was happy that the Cleveland Cavs won their playoff game.
Game my dog a bath :)
I went to take a stroll at the mall.
I got a big order for designing clothes as I am good at it
I gave my daughter a bath and she had a lot of fun splashing in the tub.
I got to play with the dog at the gym.
I didn't go to work today.
I went to the store and bought some oreo cookies.
Going to see Bay Watch in theaters tonight with my girlfriend and having a blast.
I made 180 dollars not including bonuses on Mechanical Turk today.
When I bought take-out for dinner, the employee I talked to was very friendly.
When my nine year old gave me a hug.
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY FRIENDS
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY FRIENDS
I just came back from my first year of college, and I went back to my high school to say hi to teachers and counselors; they were all very proud of me.
MY FRIEND MARRIAGE PARTY
My kid got selected for the dance competition final round.
I had a bad headache go away after I took some medication.
My son fell asleep in my arms last night.
I was commended by my boss for being a very successful salesperson last evening.
I started dieting yesterday.The food I ate was not that bad.I enjoyed the food and I was happy thinking that I would gain muscles.
MY FRIEND MARRIAGE PARTY
I got to eat my favorite food for lunch.
I had an interview for a job I really want.
I met my old friends we had the old chats and all those fun moments again.
I got a free smoothie today thanks to a fast food app I use.
BEFORE LAST TWO WEEK MY SISTER LOST PURSE
first beautiful event happen in yesterday i come on my office as regularly.duty is running suddenly my hubby give me surprise to come there.he take me for lunch we both spend time together after long time.this was very beautiful happiness time.
I found out that my childhood friend got accepted into the university of his choice.
During the afternoon I made a small sale on some of my homemade goods and this was the first sale since starting up my store.
I talked to my mom on the phone about her upcoming trip to visit me.
Making rice with my daughter.
I met my friends and played basketball.
I got to play video games online with a buddy of mine tonight.
Fixed a phone of my brothers
I started watching John Wick 2 at midnight and by 2 AM I was smiling from ear to ear.
Earlier in the morning I was playing a free to play mobile game on my phone in which you can summon various monsters with ranks being from 1 to 5, 5 being very very rare, and is also what I happened to receive.
My daughter wrote me a Birthday card and expressed feelings of why she loves and values me over and above just being Mom.
Yesterday my son brought art pictures its too good they shown a great meaning in it
I got a few extra hours in at work today.
Eating mangoes with family and friends
I studied a program to help me become more organized.
I ate mangoes yesterday
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO shopping mall
I was chatting with a woman that I really like yesterday, and it made me happy.
I had dinner with a good friend from high school tonight.
Coming home from work to find my baby daughter wide awake, allowing me to spend time with her.
My dog didn't poop inside last night.
I was happy when I made a tour by my motorbike
I was very happy that my Dad did not have to stay in the hospital after going to the ER.
A coworker has to switch shifts with me and I got.to sleep in.
After I know that my husband really loves me and he is not going to go for someone else and I am the only girl of him now and for ever.
One thing that made me happy was beating a level on diablo with my roommate last night.
I grilled some sausages yesterday and they were delish
Having friends over at my home for a knitting night; we talked and laughed a ton, had yummy treats, and stayed up really late!
I was feeling yucky and blah after a crappy day at work and my boyfriend picked me up an ice cream treat last night.
I ate some cereal.
My favorite podcast released on time for me to listen to at work.
I stayed up very late completing an assignment for my boss, but he'll be very glad it's complete.
Had the perfect seafood lunch at our favorite restaurant with my whole family.
Something that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I got home last night, my boyfriend had swept and mopped the floor in the kitchen and the hall, washed all the dishes and had dinner cooking so I could come home and relax after my stressful day.
I came home from work and got a take away with my girlfriend, which we ate watching TV.
At bedtime, my 3 year old daughter told me a story about the big bad wolf trying to blow houses down.
My husband and I had our last meal in our old apartment.
I spent an hour at the park during the sunny and "cold" wind day.
Ate a delicious dinner last night.
I was very happy when I enjoyed a Chipotle dinner outside with my husband on a nice sunny day.
I was able to sell my car for a decent amount.
Today I was woken up by my best friend with breakfast in bed
I found out that my sister is pregnant with her second child.
I won money playing in a poker game.
Something that made me happy in the past 24 hours was knowing I have finished packing for my trip,
I was happy to see how great my yard looked after the lawn service came and mowed it.
Doing yoga within the past 24 hours made me happy.
I managed to squeeze in a good workout between work tasks.
I saw my niece and got to hold her and play with her, she is only like 7 months old as of now so it was cute.
I realized that I still had some of my favorite food in the fridge.
I completed a mission in the video game Titanfall 2 that took many tries to beat.
I was asked to join a table and sit with some people that invited me.
I had a nice pizza dinner with my wife and it was delicious
I went to my daughter's friends birthday party and we celebrated in their home.
I got to hang out with my little sister for a bit and catch up on life.
I watched a movie and made buttery popcorn.
I went to my friends' goodbye dinner to wish then we'll on their trip to England.
I received a letter written from a young girl that I am helping through World Vision every single month.
I drank new artisan beers last night while hanging out with some friends
I made an epic Cuban sandwich, better then any I've made in the past - those I shared it with thoroughly enjoyed it as well.
Tried to mix tuna, velveeta shells mac and cheese, and ritz crackers and it turned out very well.
I got a small raise at work.
Being told I have a chance for promotion at work.
I finished reading a book that I enjoyed.
ate a great steak
i am very happy when i get a government job
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I watched one of my favorite TV shows
I got a computer desk.
Payment from my job was running late by a few days, so when I finally received my direct deposit this morning I was stoked!
I cooked a nice steak dinner that turned out perfectly.
Waking up to beautiful morning.
Today is my birthday and My dad present me a bike.
Chatted with my niece.
Last night I dressed my chinchilla in a hat and it made me laugh at how cute she looked.
My friend bought me lunch
MEET MY LOVER
My father came back from a business flight and I hadn't seen him for 2 days.
My husband made dinner: roasted chicken, which was delicious.
I was extremely happy to see how many people paid tribute yesterday to my late boyfriend on the one year anniversary of his death.
Had Mexican food with my best friend.
I went to the food shelf.
I could fit in my old jeans today very easily , felt like my diet plan was pretty successful.
I woke up before 8AM today.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
I found a lower price for a car rental I was going to book, for the same car.
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY FRIENDS
I bought a new car for my  father.
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY FRIENDS
Today my dad was really happy when my wife take care of my parents whole heartly and my parents wish me for bringing good daughter in law to our home this made me fill happy
HOLIDAY VACATION WITH MY FRIENDS
MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY
I WENT MY BROTHER'S MARRIAGE AND ALL MY RELATIONS JOINT TOGETHER ,THAT MOMENT WAS VERY JOYFUL.
My family bought pizza and wings for dinner.
I had dinner.
I heard a friend's dog is doing better, she had a slipped disc in her neck and is happy again after her recovery.
I am very happy in my collage friends see today
I got steak nachos for dinner today!
joing in degree
Yesterday visited local temple
An event that made me happy today was taking my family to the Magic Kingdom for the first time Today.
I talked to a friend I haven't talked to in years.
Received positive feedback on a story I submitted to my writing group.
My youngest son made silly faces and sounds while laying on the ground.
A friend invited me to his wedding party.
This day marked one of the biggest honorable achievements of my life,because of i am top ranker of my college.
I tried my new internet only bank ATM card and it worked perfectly.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
My lower back pain went away after I used one of those stick-on pain patches.
Found a few water bottles from the tour of California
I MET MY SCHOOL CLOSE  FRIEND AT TEMPLE WE BOTH WERE SO HAPPY
Eating tacos when I was really hungry.
Evening went outside with family member's to watch a movie.
I binged some anime with a good friend of mine.
My girlfriend wrote me that tomorrow night we are going to the sea, and I'm really excited about that.
I had Mexican food for dinner.
i made chicken cury
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I COOKED THE VARIETY OF DISHES FOR MY FAMILY MEMBERS
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
My coworker treated me to coffee this morning and that really brightened up my day.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I got to watch the season finale of Survivor and it was a good episode.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
When I decided not to visit a sweet shop anymore as the owner misbehaved finding perhaps that I am too dependent on his shop.
today morning we are playing badminton that time i really happy
I managed to find some time to go to dinner with my family after it had been some time since the last time we managed to have dinner together.
I ate Chicken Parmesan sandwich which was very delicious
My wife and I ate out and enjoyed a nice meal together.
I went to watch a movie at the theater that I have been wanting to see and loved it!
Usually it's me that puts the clothes out to dry, but this time my gf helped me out, I was glad about it, because I hate doing housework!
Finishing a work project 2 weeks early
I made myself a good dinner of pad thai tofu stir fry.
The conversation between me and mine girlfriend started again after a breakup.
I talked to my son yesterday and I'm going to help he and his wife shop for baby furniture on Saturday.
My wife made me my favorite breakfast, apple cinnamon pancakes with bacon for sides.
I was early to work.
I came to know that one of my articles has been selected by a magazine and they are going to publish it in their next edition.
I took my cat to the vet for his annual check up and he was pronounced fit and healthy with no problems.
I made a new recipe that turned out really great.
An item I bought from China that I've been waiting for in the mail was just scanned in my home state.
My son found a job after looking for months.
I liked my dinner.
I got my one bag packed all ready for my plane trip now at last.
Me and my wife watched an animated movie together.
I found 2 shirts I liked on clearance at Old Navy.
I finished an excellent crime novel last night.
I started reading the Great Gatsby and it is terrific.
For the first time in a full sentence, my three year old looked at my husband and I and said "I love you very much, mama, dada."
Getting breakfast from my workmate.
My cousin sent me a text to tell me that he bought a new car.
I made really tasty tacos last night and i am not normally a very good cook
Im got to see friends for lunch
I was thoroughly amused by the Pope's gift of his encyclical on global warming to the president, a man who neither reads regularly nor understands scientific concepts like climate change.
Saw a great vintage movie with my girlfriend while eating some delicious popcorn.
I had my favorite type of breakfast, french toast with honey and powdered sugar.
I eat hot dogs for dinner last night
My friend came over and we talked about a game for a few hours
Listening to music made me happy.
Made a fresh coffee.
My cousin's birthday is tomorrow and I got a gift I know she will really like.
Got to pick up my daughter and play with her outside for a bit before dinner.
I saw this hit come up on MTurk again.
I was publicly thanked at church last night.
today morning i ate very delicious dosas,  i liked it very much, which makes me happy.
My 9 month old daughter slept through the night without waking up or crying.
We've had rain all week, and last night it finally stopped and I was able to go on a nice, long walk to destress.
I had my favorite dish and it was so tasty.
When I went out for a hike yesterday I saw an animal that is pretty rare for my region.
Having a good sales day at work made me happy.
I sat at the table with my kids and we created crafts together.
Yesterday I met up with friends and acquaintances for a happy hour which I normally cannot attend due to work hours.
I read an article about one of my favorite baseball players and learned that we went to the same university.
Following a long day of work, I received a long hug and pep talk from my spouse.
I talked to my best friend on the phone for a while.
I love play Soccer in the Stadium with my Friends
My husband did the dishes for me.
All of my friends were called me today to wish me.
I received email confirmation of a bonus for some online work that several days ago I had spent hours working on.
I made dinner last night, trying something new, and it turned out great.
The hotdog fundraiser was approved for my youth.
I made a decent amount of money on mturk today ($40) in only 3 hours.
I was so happy when my girlfriend told me how her day was 5 hours ago.
I fix some issues with webite related work, kind of glad I was able to figure it out
I was able to spend quality time with my family.
My girlfriend gave me news that she found an apartment to live in for school.
Made 3x more than I usually do on mturk
I'm happy that I found my steak n shake coupons for buy one get one free milk shakes!
I got paid today, just in time for my vacation this weekend.
I made a meal in under 30 minutes.
me and my family members also go to restaurant for celebrate my promotion it is very happy time being with my family.it gives lot of good time in my life.i feel very happy being with my family.
I got a new pair of shoes I had been wanting to get at the mall.
I went for a run before my shower for about 20 minutes.
I discovered a new store that sells many things I really like.
I started packing for my overseas vacation.
When I got to work the previous supervisor for whom I was taking over had already taken care of most of the work that needed to be done.
I purchased an item I was saving for.
My Mom was being silly to me because I spilled super glue on the glass table and she thought it was so funny.
my son and my husband helped me in house hold work today.they made me to sit and they did all the work.they gifted this day to me.i really felt very happy for the concern they have towards me.i am thankful to god for giving such a beautiful family.
I ate a great lobster meal.
The rain stopped long enough to walk the dogs.
I was playing a video game and "broke it", by beating it too well.
The phillies sent down one of their terrible veterans
My wife and I decorated our new kid's bedroom.
I saw that a series I like got a new season on Netflix.
I try not to consume soft drinks, but the Coke I had tonight was so refreshing that it was worth it.
Went to mcdonalds for lunch with a friend
I took my son--just the two of us--out of school and to the barber for a hair cut today.
The process for my team change in the job got initiated.
I got a bunch of medical bills in the mail from my knee operation and my older daughter's trip to the hospital, and they were much less than I thought they would be.
I had mangoes in my lunch today and I am very happy because of that.
I passed a certification exam and that opened my mind, meaning that I can see all the opportunities I could have in front of me.
My got a promotion in this month.
I just bought some ice cream for the gas stat ion
Trying some new food was wonderful and quite exquisite.
yesterday night i came to trichy to erode is very nice travel and thankful to god nice moment
I rode my mountain bike off road in the forest.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO FRIEND HOME
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My grand father give me a golden chain today early morning as gift its a happiest event for me.
I listened to some funny jokes.
I went fishing nearby where I live, I caught several kilograms of fish.
I was told that there was going to be breakfast pizza in the office tomorrow.
I might accept a job offer from another company that I get yesterday made me happy
1.Travelling at nature place
I won two large pizzas at a raffle at my local pizza shop.
I noticed that I've started to build muscle mass from weightlifting.
I worked out at my local gym.
I went to the beach for swimming and drinking.
I was happy to watch Master of None; it's a pretty good show.
My cat had a great vet.visit and it cost less than I thought.
My son hit a home run in his baseball game against the best team in the league.
I was offered some overtime at work and this never happens
When my husband told me that he was able to save a lot of money so far this year
I got hair color put on my hair that looks amazing.
I have a job to go to this morning.
Taught English to Chinese students.
I got my Dad off of my bank account so I can now add my wife to it and we'll have shared finances.
I made good progress on a project I'm working on.
I mastered a recipe I have been working on for a month
it rained because my plants needed much needed watering
I had a good run, I felt really great after.
I was icing my back on the couch and my puppy cuddled up in my lap and napped.
Before bed read a Donald Duck comic book that turned out to be a great story.
I saw a movie with a friend
I got paid for work I did a month ago, at a time where I really needed the money.
I completed a big project at work that I was working on for a few weeks.
I enjoyed a nice, quiet dinner at home with my girlfriend.
I was happy to notice that our fish tank was doing well because we introduced new coral to it over the weekend.
Skating is an additional event I did that made me happy in the past 24 hours.
I got a bonus on my other work!
I made a really good turkey burger last night, it was juicy and delicious.
My salary hiked which fulfill me present need of family
Watching Master of None in my apartment while eating a delicious, picnic-style dinner of bread, cheese, fruits, vegetables and meats and having a glass of wine
I made some really tasty fajitas for supper.
I bought a new pair of Asics sneakers yesterday on Amazon with my Mturk money.
I like rainy days, and it is raining today.
Getting a call from a vendor stating that our wedding date is still open.
our project went to live today.
I took a walk last night and bought a nan and a coke and it was nice out with goose families walking around our apartment complex
Reading a new book with my husband while relaxing.
Received good news related to one of my clients.
I finish my task on time in my job and received a very positive review
I was happy to look at the forecast and see that the weather is predicted to be very nice over the Memorial Day weekend.
Going to the gym and having a good workout.
The coffee I made this morning tastes really good.
I took my do for a walk in the morning and it was nice and relaxing made me feel great.
Played computer games with a friend before bed.
I watched some relaxing videos from my favorite lowkey YouTube uploader.
I got to go to bed early and read a bit.
Getting an Ice cream on my way home from work.
I was happy when I had my coffee in the morning.
Woke up with my 2 1/2 year old son cuddled next to me
My daughter getting into the crawling position and watching her rock back and forth, trying to figure it out.
I cooked some broccoli and beef from a recipe I looked up online and it turned out amazing!
I had a delicious dinner waiting for me when I got home.
I talked with a friend about a job opportunity.
I went to the beach and the sand was white, while the water was so clear.
I completed an application that has been on my to-do list for the past few days.
I found a new way to earn a bit of supplemental income through Mechanical Turk and can use that during the slow times of my day.
My brother got to visit his girlfriend at college.
i was happy last night when i had a really good night at work and made good money.
Today went for movie with my girlfriend
Got to my first job this morning and a contractor had bought me breakfast.
I watched my favorite show and I got to tune into it without no interruptions
A friend texted me to tell me she was thinking about me and it made me smile.
I had a funny conversation with my mom.
My baby tasted a bite of a brownie for the first time and she loved it.
I watched a movie with my husband last night, and enjoyed spending time with him.
I made homemade pico de gallo just like my mom's.
I picked up a little kitten named Bean and he was really soft.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I ordered Indian food and it arrived hot and fresh and was tasty!
I WANT TO SHOPPING
Today before I went for my walk, I went to the back yard and checked out my garden, and noticed that the Thai lime plant I'd transplanted last night was already beginning to get new leaves.
I had an amazing lunch date with my boyfriend.
I ate wonderful breakfast this morning.
I took a warm bath and it was very relaxing.
Recently My sister came to India , When She came to India my family members received her in airport that day we feel very happy
The day I married my spouse
My son was copying the dog rolling in the grass.
I found out that we will have an extra day off work tomorrow.
This morning, a co-worker from my last role in Pennsylvania surprised me by showing up at my building in Florida & brought muffins and donuts with him.
I got a chance to go to the gym and work out after not having gone for a while.
I flew home for the holiday weekend to see my family and friends.
Almost tripling my goal of money made on mTurk by making $30+ today.
I got to binge watch Silicone Valley.
I just got the lawn mowed before it rained.
I got a great workout in at the gym after work.
I met a friend at a bar and had some drinks.
I read an entertaining novel.
I was watching dance choreography videos and my sister became interested and wanted to watch too.
I got a new solar light for myself.
I'm almost done with the script I wrote for work today.
I bought pizza and my family was happy.
Amazon gave me an extra 5 bucks because of a bug on their platform!
Was able to get a table at The Chop House Restaurant.
I worked out this morning and felt a legitimate high from the excellent exercise.
Today my mother became so happy on seeing surprise gift from me which made me so happy
I saw a very cute squirrel outside.
YESTERDAY MY FATHER'S BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION I REALLY ENJOYED
I watched a really good movie today.
A good friend of mine came in town today for Memorial day weekend.
I made a half-court shot shooting hoops this afternoon.
Figured out how to fix a computer problem I had been having for a long time.
i got a hold of my buddy today, and we're going to go camping while my wife has the baby with her out of town.
Today I got off work early, which was nice because the weather was nice.
I WEND TO THE MY FRIEND FAMILY FUNCTION.
My daughter walked up to me twice this evening, lifted my head up, and gave me a kiss both times.
I had KFC after not having it for a long time.
having party with friends
I finished my last day in community college.
I had a conference call this morning with some pretty big wigs and was told I was doing a great job.
Getting a big issue resolved at work.
Someone photoshopped a picture of the child from "The Omen" into a a picture of Trump's family on the internet and it really made me laugh.
I woke up to my husband snuggled close and spooning me.
A housemate I don't like left on vacation.
I had a funny conversation with a coworker
I ate lunch with a close friend today.
Went out to eat with some friends
YESTERDAY WE CELEBRATED CHURCH FESTIVAL IN MY NATIVE.
I had a new stereo sound system installed in my car.
Celebrating my last final of the semester by hanging out with old friends.
My son came home from school cordial.
The sun finally came out today after three days of rain.
When i Playing Cricket and see My Lover
I listened to two full chapters of my current audiobook while working out on the elliptical at the gym.
I eat my favorite flavor ice cream
Watched a really funny video.
Yesterday while i was walking on the road i found a 100 rupee note and i  gave it  as a donation to the orphanage and i was very happy because i have donated the money because it does not belong to me.
When I had a experience with my own child born and made me a great happy
Yesterday I saw the my favourite movie.
I spoke on the phone with my 87 year old Aunt who lives in Wisconsin.
I won 100 $ at online gambling
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I went clothes shopping with my teen son and it was fun!
My boyfriend invited me to spend the night at his house.
Got my son's report card...all A's, all year, as usual!
We buyed one small puppy it's white color and very cute one
WE CELEBRATE OUR VILLAGE FESTIVAL.
Today made me happy, close a deal, with my work associate who had a lot of time waiting.
I spent 2 hours speaking with the adoptive parents of my son's friend in an effort to build trust and address some challenges we're facing with the children's behavior.
I had a great dinner date with my boyfriend.
My mother brought home my favorite juice.
I was happy when I got to eat my Vietnamese sandwich
Anniversary dinner with my wife
I kissed my girlfriend today
MY BROTHER'S EVERY BIRTHDAY TILL WE CELEBRATED WITH HIS FAMILY AND FRIENDS FOR THE FIRST TIME CELEBRATED WITH OLD AGE MEMORABLE DAY OF MY LIFE TILL NOW.
Selected for a job that will allow me to work with special needs children.
My work day went by quickly for some reason.
The release of the new Lil yachty album.
Yesterday, I met with my college freind after long time of ignorance that is not tallking to each other and we had nice talking.
traveling to Mysore with friends
It made me happy to see my son having a good time with friends at a school event.
I finally got to hang out with my friend Marcelo, it was a very fun time.
Today my mother was feeling healthy and did not have much pain from her arthritis.
I reached my weekly money goal 3 days early
Finished the game Outlast 2
Two of my best friends drove up from Portland, to celebrate my birthday and stay night.
I learned how to do my job better at work today
Eating free tri-tip platter from my job.
My son has started giving me big kisses and telling me he loves me over and over, that makes me very happy, he is  2.
today morning gone out for grocery  shopping and was picking my wanted products in the supermarket suddenly i heard some sound of crowd went and seen out oh my god it was a famous actress who i really love to see his movies all the time.
I kissed a girl that I had been seeing.
Some very good friends, whom I had not seen in many years and live out-of-state, dropped by my house yesterday.
today i am proposed my love to my boy friend.
I had a chat with one of my neighbors.
I was able to rewind and play some video games after a very tressful day at work
Today was the last day of school for the summer, which is a very happy day!
getting off work.
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I took my friend's dog on a walk after she has recovered from a slipped disc in her neck.
It's been raining here for several days, but today was clear and I was able to go for a long bicycle ride to the Battery.
I had a few beers after the interview.
My brother loaned me 200 dollars to go to my cousin's wedding this weekend
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Went to a party with relatives and we all had fun.
Getting a new screen door for the side of the house so my old dog can sniff at passersby and bark at them from the comfort of his orthopedic pet bed!
I ate a slice of cheesecake and it was delicious.
It made me happy to eat a chocolate cake with my mom.
I got a promotion and special increments in my organization ,that day i am feel very happy i share my happiness in my parents and friends
have a new bick
I won the Memorial Cup with my OHL team on my hockey video game.
Last night I decided to order pizza because I hadn't had it in a while and it was tasty.
Did around $60 on Mturk today, which made it a quite good day.
I was happy tonight when I sat down at the dinner table with my daughters for dinner and they both asked to pray.
I caught up on some of my Netflix shows the other night.
I finished a long assignment that I had been working on at work.
I found a way to get a small raise.
When I heard a song I liked on the radio.
When I had lunch with my son
I was busy with work today which made me happy because work is not always available.
I found a new grocery store in town that I didn't know about that has better deals and selection.
i looked and saw that i had reached my weekly goal for the week in mturk money!
I BOUGHT A BIKE LAST WEEK.
Having the first player arrive on my server.
I WANT TO COLLEGE
I went out for a jog and got caught in the rain
My Mom and I went to lunch and to get our hair done.
I ate delicious fried chicken and french fries for dinner.
I ate a big juicy sub from Subway.
A co-worker that I disliked at work left the company.
I got promoted in League of Legends from Gold II to Gold I.
I managed to deal with and fix a problem my son was having with his homework.
I had a really delicious dinner.
I tried a new deli in our neighborhood and my sandwich was delicious
I had a nice family dinner at a local restaurant.
I went outing with my family and ate Chinese dishes.
Paid off my son's car loan and helped him get a good start on life.
My youngest daughter got to meet her new classmates for next year.
I woke up today and because I am on vacation, I got to do anything that I wanted to do.
It made me happy when I went in to my secret stash of chocolates and found exactly what I was craving for.
I got lost in a great hour of rabbit-holing Violent Femmes videos on Youtube.
when i go to uncle house, unfortunately i saw my sister with her new born baby whom i love to much so i would say that is most beautiful day for me
I went to Victoria Secret and got new underwear on sale!
Taking a nap with my wife made me happy.
I was really happy today when Keurig Company included me in a test market, where I was able to purchase a new, un-marketed coffee maker for $25.
I drank some excellent quality Shui Shan Chinese Wulong tea during my tea break.
My wife made a good dinner.
My girlfriend came over to spend the night
I made some pretty tasty dinner tonight.
I won 20000 rupees in a e-commerce site.
When my wife hugged and kissed me this morning to start off the day.
What made me happy today was finishing my workout, it was weight lifting which I really dont like but I really rocked it!
I got a gift from a supermarket I used to shop regularly.
My Aunt's building had a resident art show and she put in about four paintings to exhibit and I could tell she was really pleased and happy to talk about her art.
We tried a new cat food on the fussy cat today and she loves it.
Preparing and eating some delicious beef cuisine.
I got all the chores done around the house that I wanted to.
I had a great summer sausage sandwich.
I got through a slow Thursday at the job and I'm excited that tomorrow is a shortened day
I got an email from our nephew telling us he and his wife are expecting a child.
I took a nice nap for an hour or so and my kitty joined me.
I reached a goal at work today, and it made me feel really excited for the next project.
When I had a experience with my own child born and made me a great happy
I made a very delicious hazelnut ice blended coffee drink.
I made enough food last night for dinner there was enough leftovers so I did not have to cook.
TIME SPENT MY FAMILY
I went to Natural Foods Store and got some Natural Vitamins and supplements for my mom and some nice teas that help with anxiety and stress.
My husband had a great blood pressure reading.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
MY FAMILY VISITED TO nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
I caught my older dog by surprise in the yard (he didn't realize I had gotten home yet) and got to see the excited moment he went from sniffing the ground to seeing me.
I watched a fireworks show last week.
I redeemed points on one of my mobile rebate apps for over $100 in gift certificates.
I was in a good mood this morning when my son and I got to meet our friends for a play session.
I got done some grocery shopping that I'd not had time to do for days.
When i got to uncle house,unfortunately i saw my sister her new born baby  i love to much so i would say that is most beautiful day for my life.
A group of kids were at the front door with my nieces and I made a joke that surprised everyone and made them laugh.
A friend of mine just let me know they're coming to visit this summer.
After my intermediate over Hyderabad I went to Calcutta to peruse my graduation in mathematics in Calcutta university and really it was a new experience from me to study in Kerala and our faculty especially our H.O.D was such a good man he helped us in every sense.our cl tour was the best moment during my college life and some of the unforgettable moments of my life.
The weather was a nice 80 degrees today, down from 98 degrees yesterday.
I watched the new Twin Peaks.
i went to see the waterfalls
My Amazon order was refunded when I had my delivery got stolen.
when my neighbor cook favorite dishes for me
i made  new small nest to my pet birds
Went hiking at a nearby trail, I haven't been there in years so it was nice to be nostalgic about.
It was national wine day and I drank a bottle of Moscato.
I was able to spend plenty of carefree and relaxing time in the sunny outdoors after what seems like a week of dreary, depressing, and constant rain.
I AM LONG TRAVELS GOING ON BIKE.
I went to my parents house
I was happy when I realized that work was going to end up being pretty easy today.
BOUGHT A NEW SHOWS AND SOCKS FOR MY CHILD
My son got all A's on his report card.
I hit a new personal max on the bench press at the gym today.
I went out to lunch with some friends.
I went to Souplantation and my toddler ate a lot of veggies.
Going shopping with daughter and husband was nice.
that my son is working with Blue Oyster Cult.
figuring out how to use the microscope on my own
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
Two hours ago, I got my schedule and I work five days this week.
I participated in a physical therapy session.
I ate Galbi for dinner
My Husbend Joing To New Company And I expected salary
Came back to office today after 3 days of official travel
MY GRANDPARENTS ARE CAME TO MY HOME AND THEY BLESSED TO ME.
I purchased a new car for my family
Attended a school mate reunion program and had good memory time.
I had a good workout at gym today early morning.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
when I went shopping with my parents.
Reading a great book yesterday outside in the sun made me happy.
Ended my day by taking some spare time and watching an old comedy movie I have no seen in years.
I watched a funny youtube video
People liked my photo.
I bought my self a t-shirt.
I bought a new type of coffee to try and it turned out to be really good.
Me and my mom did homemade pizza for dinner while we talked about our day.
A friend of mine stopped to visit for a while after work today.
I took a long bath and read a book, which I never get to do.
I successfully communicated with my spouse about upcoming business opportunities that might interfere with our routine, thereby avoiding an altercation later.
I love play monopoly with my wife and sons in my house
I watched TV.
My friend and I just planned a vacation for next fall, which should be an amazing few days away.
I read the paper and feel a lot more informed now
I built and finished a kitchen table for my wife.
Watched "into the badlands final" EP, loved it , the last fight is so unique and complex.
I finished applying to jobs on indeed that I was interested in.
My e-mail account at work was up and working after weeks of it being down.
I bought a new pair of running shoes that I really love.
I made french toast for dinner.
My supervisor told me I would have a large project to do at work today but it ended up not taking long at all so I was happy about that.
The weather was nice outside and I went walking.
I bought a burger and they gave me a another one for free this evening!
I was happy that my daughter found a four leaf clover, and she was so excited.
When my fiance came home from work and gave me a kiss
It was sunny all day today.
Made a great shot in basketball today playing with classmates
I chatted with a friend.
I watched a good movie that was really funny.
I got invited to the beach for Memorial Day weekend.
I made little powdered sugar guava stuffed beignets today and that is enough to keep me happy all weekend.
I went outside today and took a walk with my kids and then we coloured out on the porch and drew a picture for daddy.
I was happy that my favorite baseball team won last night.
I talked with my friends.
i found out that i get out of work early tomorrow
I actually went to the gym for once!
I WENT TO CHANGE THE WORK.
My mother came over to visit me and we talked for a couple of  hours.
I WANT TO SCHOOL
I WANT TO COLLEGE
I'm drinking a delicious beer at home.
I had a delicious breakfast today.
I bought some of the best tasting strawberries and blackberries that I've had in recent memory at the grocery store.
I was able to meet friends for a drink and to watch a game at a nearby bar.
I watched a playoff NHL hockey game.
I came back from vacation and am able to relax in my own bed again.
fishes were bathing.
Going to see the movie Logan
I got a new car.
I spent time with my daughter listening to her read books.
I got approved for a new visa card.
I purchased some kitchen utensils.
I am going to have nachos for dinner.
A friend of mine whom i had a crush from a very long time, offered me for a movie.
My husband bought groceries and made dinner.
My mom has a new job
Found a new park to jog around.
I bought chicken breast at meijer yesterday and am thoroughly impressed with how it turned out as I typically don't like baked chicken.
Made fried rice without burning anything
I went to cinema with my crush and i enjoyed a lot there.
I heard a new album that is now one of my favorite albums of all time!
I had a nice and relaxing lunch conversation with a guy who I'm pretty positive doesn't like me.
I had a nice Facetime video chat with an uncle that I had not talked to in a while.
Chloe, my chihuahua, loves to play with her little green toy alien, so everyday we have a soccer match with it in the living room which lasts about 15 minutes.
Enjoying the season finale of The 100 (TV show).
I bought a new pair of shoes.
What really made me happy today was having pasta for dinner, I rarely dont eat pasta but it was a soft food since im still recovering from the dentist, it was fantastic!
We received three RSVPs in the mail for our wedding today that included a family we didn't think would be able to come.
I found out that I got accepted to this program that I have been waiting for a while.
The weather was super nice earlier today, nice and sunny instead of cold and cloudy/rainy
Play Nintendo 64 GOLDENEYE, with my cousins, we had years without playing the game, and enjoyed it very much
I got permission from my firm to the higher study.
next we went to hills area.very very cold climate and very joyful.we watched city and other area with telescope.
When I had a experience with my own child born and made me a great happy
It's Friday today so that means relaxation time after work, I love the weekends!
Received a letter from my nephew left for the Army 3 weeks ago.
My dog is very smart,so I am very very happy
I watch a cat give birth with two kittens.
I received a compliment at work from the supervisor.
My kids cleaned my house before I got home from work and cooked dinner.
My boss complimented me on work that I had helped her with.
I made a dish at home for family and we all ate together merrily.
I took my daughter to Girl Scouts.
I DON'T FORGOT IN MY FAMILY FUNCTION  BECAUSE VERY ENJOYING AND LOTS OF FUN, LOTS OF PLAYING,THAT DAY VERY MEMORABLE MOMENT
I stopped and got an iced coffee.
My dad brought home some pastries from the bakery this morning.
I satisfactorily finished hemming the too-long pants I bought online.
My daughter said something funny about an old house being the first house ever built.
The business down the street had a live outdoor concert that we went to at lunch.
I cashed in my coins at Coinstar and get $50 more than I was expecting
Spent the day with my husband working out at the gym.
I watched a basketball game.
I received a new order of cigars.
After hearing of good and positive health news from a family member this afternoon, that certainly made me happy and thankful for such an outcome and acted as something for me to reflect on for awhile.
my favorite sports team winning!
I went to the store to buy stuff to make Chili
I got to go home early
Cleaned the apartment
I was happy when my girlfriend was actually still awake when I got home from work.
Enjoyed a dinner out.
I bought an old lamp with a pink and green shade for $10 at a roadside flea market on my way back from visiting my aunt in the rural countryside this morning.
I felt extra flexible today and was able to push into a deeper pose like I was Gumby.
Hired one of my open jobs today
Watching episodes/seasons of ''weeds'' is interesting series since i smoke.
I have been rather sick lately and unable to eat, I was able to eat my favorite meal at my favorite restaurant with my kids and parents.
Watching a video about a game expansion I am looking forward to.
I got to eat Chili's for dinner and ate all of my fries for once.
one week back we are going to thirupathi tour
I had a long talk with my mother.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I listened from a playlist of my favorite catchy tunes.
Colorado Rockies have been playing really good baseball this year.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I discovered that one of my favorite comics has a new stand-up special that just came out on Netflix.
Discovered a great new band.
I bought a gift for my father.
I ordered a new tablet for work.
My daughter turned 2 years old.
I found out that i got a promotion at work.
I went for a run.
There is a never ending batch on mturk that I have access to.
I was happy when I bought 2 new suits at Mens Wearhouse yesterday.
I won a tough game of Dota 2 where I carried my team.
I bought a beautiful bouquet of flowers for cheap at Aldi
i made the football team for my church
I won a rare weapon in a mobile game that I was playing.
I weighed myself and verified I was losing weight again.
It was my son's birthday and we had a party for him.
I sat with my 9 year old step son and 2 year old son and we spent the evening sitting together and laughing as my 9 year old read his Grumpy Cat book out loud to his little brother.
I finished editing an ebook for my nephew's birthday gift.
We had a no kids night last night so my wife and I ordered take out and watched Netflix.
Bought a whole bunch of ice cream on a great deal at the store
I received a class action settlement check in the mail.
My husband told me he got a lot of wonderful recognition at his work yesterday.
the happy event was my sister took my baby she is 3 and i have not had a break from her since dec so when my sister called and asked to take her for the night i got so excited and happy.
My wife and I were walking in the rain, and she kissed me.
I got a delicious hot dog at Costco for lunch earlier.
I bought some clothes online
I got a large pizza for $9.
My 2 year old daughter wanted to give her dad and me big hugs and squeezes.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to discover a new song that I really enjoy.
I got to binge-watch my favorite show on Netflix all night yesterday, and I indulged.
I finished my exercise on the bike in the morning.
My crush text me from his vacation and sent me a picture.
I was very happy when I got to pick up my new golf cart at the store.
I'm watching E3 coverage and a game I'm looking forward to and very fond of looks very promising.
I enjoyed a cup of coffee while putting my son down for a nap after a long morning.
I just bought a PlayStation 4 for the first time.
I received a nice bonus and raise for the new fiscal year.
I got a cotton candy blizzard.
I bought a brand new pair of shoes.
I played a round of golf with two old friends I had not seen in some time and had a gret time catching up
I am feeling very happy because I got my mturk account back after a month.
I won the regatta race in my Township game.
My boss just stopped by to tell me that I did a great job on the presentation I gave yesterday
I ate out with a family member and was able to talk about family.
Having my son come to me and tell me he wanted to make dinner with me.
I cooked and ate a great dinner.
My daughter didn't use the bathroom for 2 hours last night.
I bought a new pc game
I obtained affordable take out food last night that was very delicious.
My girlfriend came to visit after not seeing me for a whole month (long distance)
My best friend came over last night to hang out and introduce me to her new girlfriend.
My boyfriend and I settled on the exact color that we are going to paint our house this summer.
I watched an episode of a show on Netflix and it was really funny!
I started packing up my office at my current place of employment because I'm starting a new job very soon.
Last night, we had a reunion dinner with a group of good friends; the food, drinks, and company were amazing!
I bought a new laptop.
My daughter came up to me and gave me a big hug for no reason.
I picked up my daughter from her mother's house and she ignored her mom in preference of giving me a hug.
Watched the season 2 premiere of Better Call Saul, it made me smile when Saul hit on his co worker.
My partner passed her state boards and got her license.
I got to talk to an old friend.
I gave my husband some good advice that he took, and it made his day better.
Watching my son laugh
I am currently on a plan to visit my friends and family for a week that I haven't seen in over a year.
I was able to find my way to the grocery store without using GPS for the first time since I moved into my new place.
I tried a new recipe for dinner and it turned out really good.
I made $175 talking to someone about life insurance for like 40 minutes, great return there
My daughter called to tell me how embarrassed she was when she knocked over a display at a store and when she was picking it up, her bra popped out of her long dress.
I completed some backed up stuff at work.
I took a walk around a park with my girlfriend and we stopped at the on-premise petting zoo to pet a very pregnant goat.
I'm a transfer from Kansas City to Boston, so yesterday the Kansas City Royals were playing the San Francisco Giants at 3 in the afternoon so I snuck out of work to watch the game which they ended up winning 7-2.
I watched some interesting E3 content.
My best friend sent me a video exploring her back yard.
My roommate felt bad for me for being too hot and set up a fan to blow the air conditioner air at me so that I would cool off.
I got to skype with my girlfriend.
I completed a Real Estate 63 hour online course that took me 3 months to do.
I went to lunch with my grandmother and sister.
I got pizza today.
My baby began walking on her own yesterday.
Last night, I got a free drink at work.
Finishing my summer class and receiving a good grade.
I took my kids to the pool, and they had an amazing time.
I'm watching E3 streams, as I do every year during the conference.
My daughter called to tell me she got a new place to live.
I made a fidget spinner for my son.
My girlfriend cooked diner
I went to the gym and worked out twice as long as I expected myself to.
I learned that my wife would be getting a promotion at work.
I was asked to come in for a third job interview with a company I've been speaking with, I haven't made it this far in the interview process in months.
Finishing an oddly difficult achievement in a video game made me happy.
I finished a project up that was late a week and had been causing me stress.
Going to see baby at the doctors!
It cooled down at night and I my house wasn't as hot as it was.
I found out yesterday that my grandsons whom I have not seen since Christmas are coming to visit in two weeks.
Watched the new episode of Fargo.
My date from last weekend text me
I listened to music.
My daughter read a story to her younger brother without me asking her to.
I got some great food at 75% off at a grocery store that is closing.
I went to pick up groceries and found out they had a sale on sausages
My ex girlfriend sent me a text.
Received a work related mail from my boss complimenting the work I have done recently
I was at a conference for work and someone at another organization shared an idea that I'm confident would work well at my organization and make my supervisor very happy.
I visited a local college with my boyfriend; we walked around campus, ate food, and held hands.
My happy moment would be the day I got hired for a position.
Have a fresh baked cookie.
My daughter came home from work.
ate a great steak
my potatoes are coming up, and they getting really big!
My boyfriend came home early from work.
I watched a few episodes of the new season of Orange is the New Black.
I was hungry, and was surprised with breakfast.
My students gave me a card
I helped my dog catch a bug.
I ate my favorite meal for dinner.
My husband bringing home one of my favorite foods for dinner last night.
we planned a trip to the lake
I played my new video game for the first time and it was so exciting.
I paid all of my bills for the week and had extra money left over.
I was complimented by my boss on how well I do my job.
Reading my daughter her bed time story and then putting her to bed
I went to church for the first time in a while.
I cooked dinner for a long lost friend of mine
I went on a walk.
My one-year-old son brightened up when I came home from work and gave me a big running hug when I walked in the door.
I won 200 gambling!
I was happy that I was able to go to the grocery store and get what I want without overspending and without a fight from my significant other.
My 9 month old daughter took her schedule nap today without any fussiness.
My son and daughter cuddled with me in bed before we got up this morning.
I bought a new dining table.
Travelling in my car listening to my favorite songs and radio stations with the windows down made me feel free and very happy to have the opportunity to have that experience
My two dogs did not use the restroom in the house overnight, something they have been doing nightly since we moved to our new home.
I received texts and conversed with my girlfriend.
I received a video message from one of my best friends yesterday.
I opened a delicious bottle of wine and drank it with my dinner.
My friends and I decided to go on a camping trip a week from tomorrow.
I watched an episode of Fargo.
My students did a great job on their performance assessment today.
My nephew gave me a hug and said he loved me.
My dad made dinner.
There were actually cups in the pantry so I was able to make some tea.
I was happy when I stopped at my favorite restaurant for ribs.
Just this afternoon I got the chance to see the trailer for the new Super Mario Odyssey game and i was faced with child like excitement as i watched the new insane globe trotting 3D adventure this game will bring.
I had some hot pizza.
I walked the dog and had a great time listening to music and jogging while doing it.
I woke up to a loving text message from my friend Renee.
I just found out that my total number of vacation days went up for the new fiscal year.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
Daughter crushed swimming lessons
DOING SEX WITH MY GIRLS FRIEND EVERY DAY
today my birthday relative in my home
Went to Watch the US open cup soccer match last night
Yesterday night I saw a friend that I hadn't seen for months.
A surprise gift was given my wife makes me very happy
I went to grab some coffee and a donut with one of my best friends, we had a great time talking memories.
I was able to exercise to work on my cardio.
I finally finished a big project at work.
I bought a new plant and have not had good luck with indoor plants surviving but i feel like I created a good experience this time and took extra effort in choosing the correct area and amount of daily sunlight for my new indoor ivy plant.
My mom brought me a slice of pizza.
Having sex with my girlfriend.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours is getting breakfast in bed.
My oldest son got a job today!
The jewelers called and my wedding rings are ready to be picked up after being fixed.
I had a delicious meal at my favorite restaurant.
I ordered a pepperoni pizza.
I ate a very good brownie.
I spoke on the phone with a friend I hadn't heard from in a while
My significant other told me a list of reasons why he loves me.
My girlfriend and step father had a conversation in which my step father referred to my girlfriend as "part of the family now".
My daughter was able to sleep through the night after some shots
I shopped for and ordered a rebounder (mini trampoline) so that i have more options for exercise, thus increasing the amount of exercise that i will get.
I managed to install a new screen on a broken phone.
I had a small meal that consisted of sushi and fried rice yesterday late afternoon.
I was happy when I finished my first website.
My boyfriend brought me frozen custard last night for dessert for no reason at all.
I finished season 4 of yu-gi-oh, which I've been watching for a long time.
I bought a website for my partner.
I didn't have to go back to work after coming home mid day
My daughter set up for the first time today!
Watching my friend lose in a fighting video game.
Yesterday my son tried to cheer me up and it worked.
I received money in a card from my aunt.
Took my girlfriend to lunch.
I won a sports bet in which I bet a significant amount of my disposable income.
I enjoyed starting a new book I recently purchased.
Went to the park with my kids.
My daughter made me lunch.
I started learning a bellydance choreography in last night's class; it's a staple of the studio and actually takes some athleticism
My run this morning was nice and cool because of the lake, it's extremely hot this time of year and the lake cooled it down.
My friends asked me to hang out
My daughter got a haircut and she's thrilled with it; she can't stop smiling.
In the past 24 hours I went for a long drive with my friends to Pune n it was raining very heavily.
I work-shopped an essay and everyone enjoyed it.
My favorite author just released a new book, and I was able to get a copy right away, and so far it seems very good.
I watched a movie with my boyfriend.
I used my free time to catch up with an old friend over drinks.
Today I made it to kickboxing class in the afternoon instead of evening.
I played fetch with my dog for a little while after I got home from work.
Before leaving the office today, we were informed, to my surprise, that we will be allowed to work at home tomorrow, giving me an extra thirty plus minutes of sleep.
I had a cheeseburger and it was delicious.
My wife and I got some private time to ourselves this past Tuesday, and we went out and had a nice meal together.
WE HAD A SOCIAL PARTY AT WORK
We had a family Arrow marathon last night and it made me really happy to spend time together and bond over a show we all like.
Getting a text from my son while he is on vacation.
I went for a walk with my husband and baby.
MY BABY GIRL JUST TURNED 17 AND GRADUATED HI SCHOOL
I was able to celebrate with my coworkers at lunch over my CPA certification
I got myself an iced coffee and it was made exactly as I ordered it.
I bought myself an oven pizza as a reward for studying hard
I got a phone call about a job interview, I am currently looking for work so it was exciting.
My dog was upset, and she laid down by me for a while to comfort herself and felt better.
My neighbor's son had brain surgery and is doing well!
I sat with my father drinking bourbon and talking about life for an hour as the sunset.
I went for a walk with my wife.
I had been searching for my birth certificate for months, and I finally found it yesterday.
Having delicious sourdough toast with butter and apple butter
I was looking at a video for first time owners of dogs and it made me happy because I would like to get a dog.
I played with my dog in the river.
I watched TV after a long, busy work day.
I found a new friend to play Diablo 3 with online with my Xbox last night.
I went to the movies and had a good time with family.
I got a book I ordered in the mail.
I met my friends dog.
I enjoy catching my wife looked at me with a smile on her face.
I made $40 on Mturk.
My roommate's dog didn't bark at me when I walked through the front door, like it usually does.
Yesterday night i went to my relatives marriage function and i was very happy to see all my old relatives with their family members.
Enjoy a sunny day with my baby makes me happy.
We watched Tommy Wiseau's The Room as a group and had a great time mocking the awful movie.
I played with a dog in the park.
Yesterday I played for an hour with my dog, river always puts me in a good mood
I watched some funny videos online.
I felt good today when I received a 10% discount in my credit card balance on a purchase I had 1 week ago.
I got a lunch free lunch at the cafeteria.
My mother texted me a photo of my kitten hanging her paws off the top of the recliner in the den.
Watching Netflix with my wife last night and just laughing over a beer
The wind blowing my hair while I stuck my head out of the car's window.
I talked with a friend through chat.
I got through a new zone in my game I play that's been holding me back awhile.
When I checked my turk account and seen I made 25 dollars yesterday completing tasks.
I got to talk to my mom on the phone.
Bought myself a new bike tire and tail light to ride at night
My grandfather called me out of the blue and told me he got my father's day card.
I made Las Vegas hotel reservations for this fall last night!
I finally had my new refrigerator delivered, and it looks fantastic!
My son learned to meow like a cat.
I made dinner and my husband said it was yummy
I started watching an anime that is very entertaining so far.
i helped my son for doing his project.
I was happy when I didn't have to do some of my job work at home.
Our son was yelling my name this morning to get him out of his crib.
I am still not feeling the greatest right now but my cats are snuggled on me while I work.
Cycling with my family
I had a few tasks to do for Lionbridge today and that made me very happy because lately I have not been getting any work from them.
I ate a delicious dinner.
I realized it's almost payday for my second job and it's gonna pull me out of the past due status on an important bill.
I learned that Caitlin, my girlfriend, will be making my favorite dinner tonight as a way of saying thank you for some difficult work decisions I've helped guide her through over the past couple of weeks.
My cat was cute and I got a nice picture of her.
I watched a movie I enjoy on television.
I got a free junior frosty (ice cream) from a fast food restaurant.
I did some side work and got paid very well.
Talking to other people
My husband came home from work on time last night, which was awesome because I knew we would be pressed for time.
Bought my girlfriend some items from Amazon that she was eager to buy.
I started learning some new web development stuff and started feeling comfortable with some of the stuff I had kinda only hacked together previously.
Weighing myself this morning and seeing that my diet has been working and I am slowly losing weight for summer.
My daughter getting her ears pierced
I chatted with a friend and made some jokes about things which lightened the heavy mood she was in.
My wife made pizza for dinner.
Made some tea.
Seeing the announcement of the Mayweather vs. Mcgregor fight.
I got 20% off of wine at my favorite store.
Celebrating two birthday in the same week with my family
My wife has been called for a job interview and it looks promising.
I ate ice cream.
Had a fun dinner with friends.
I found a job posting for a position that very closely matches my current position and it at a company located in the city I want to move to.
I made plans to visit my parents this weekend for the first time since moving 1 month ago.
My sister came home from school
My eldest daughter took her little sister shopping yesterday for her birthday and they had a great time together.
I bought myself some food I particularly enjoyed.
My girlfriend sent me a sexy text
I was happy when I got to sit on my porch and read a book for a few minutes.
I went for my first swim of the summer in my pool.
I made and ate some samosas, and they turned out really good.
My son is not as sick as we thought he was yesterday when we took him to the dr so I was extremely happy to hear good news.
I talked to a good friend online today and it made me pretty happy.
My husband and I spend the evening together and it was very soothing to talk with him caressing my hair.
Yesterday my son graduated from elementary school.
My nephew texted me just to say hello and that he loved me.
I finally was able to afford a collectible I have been saving for.
My father came into town for Father's Day and we got dinner
I was able to root my holy basil trimmings.
I received a video game as a free gift.
Reading makes me happy because I get to detach from the world and focus on the story I'm reading.
My cat snuggled up to me in the morning.
I found out that because we have been safe at work that we will be getting free coffee tomorrow.
I got a call from an old friend that I haven't heard from in a while,.
My youngest son gave my oldest son a big hug and said sorry after scratching him.
I got paid this morning.
I watched some television after work.
I made my mother laugh with a practical joke.
I was promoted at my job over the CPA certification
I had an appointment with the midwife and got to hear my babies heart beat.
Completing this week's homework assignment for an online class I'm taking made me happy, as it's a topic I find difficult yet interesting.
My kids were staying with their grandmother last night, so it may not seem like a big thing, but I got to sleep in for an extra hour this morning, and if you have kids, that is enough to make you  happy.
I was able to go to the store by myself without my child.
Watching Master of None on Netflix
I had a good workout at the gym
My niece graduated college.
I thought of a way to improve the novella I'm writing.
My husband getting a raise
I got accepted to work in Amazon Mechanical Turk.
I stayed up watching a movie with my husband.
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION
MY FRIEND BIRTH DAY
MY FRIEND BIRTH DAY
I was happy when I scored a perfect 10/10 on my quiz this morning.
I was happy that I have the entire week off from work, I can relax.
The family took a vacation to Kalahari.
MY FRIEND BIRTH DAY
MY FRIEND MARRIAGE PARTY
LAST SUMMER HOLIDAYS WAS AN UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE.MY FRIEND ALWAYS ENJOYED MANY PLACES.WE ENJOYED OUR EXCURSION WITH ENJOY AND BEAUTIFUL.I AM REMEMBER THAT SO EXCITING IN MY LIFE.
I finished my class for the week
THE HAPPIEST MOVEMENT IS CHARGE TO PERSON TO PERSON AND TIME TO TIME , AS FOR AS REGARDING MY HAPPIEST MOVEMENT IS CONCERNED WHEN I COMPLETED MY HIGH SCHOOL , IT IS DEFINITELY AN UNFORGETTABLE MOVEMENT FOR ME ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS WAS WAITING MY RESULT , IT WAS JUST MOMENTUM MOVEMENT.
Morning coffee that something really tasted good today .
I bought a new laptop.
I had some pizza for dinner with my favorite topping.
I completed a project that I have been doing for three months at work.
I GOT A PHONE CALL FROM A COMPONY ASKING ME TO JOIN NEXT WEEK
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I am a supervisor of my manufacturing company.i have a good qualification and hard worker so my company gives promotion for my hard work.it is very happy moment in my life.i feel very proud about my self.it makes lot of goodness in my career.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Being able to make the chat feature work in my app made me happy.
Getting chicken wings for dinner.
I ate ice cream.
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I made a shopping in a new shopping mall with multiple varieties with good discount prices.
my dad presented  me a new laptop surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited i can't forget that day in my life , that was my first surprise given by my dad.
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I was able to accomplish all the tasks that I was assigned this week at my work, with the last day of completion being today.
I felt a sense of satisfaction having completed, packaged, and mailed two orders for my company.
I got a free drink at a bar.
I slept throughout the night hugging the man that makes my heart beats fast and giving me laughs.I woke up this morning and I was happy
I found out today I got a raise at my job that I was not expecting!
I found out today I got a raise at my job that I was not expecting!
I got paid from some side work and it was more than I expected!
I was very happy when I went to the mall with my friends
My dad presented me a new lap top surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited i can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
My daughter got her hair cut, and it made her so excited to pick our her new hairstyle all on her own.
I drank a really good double IPA
Learning my niece, who lives out of state, was in town and would be visiting made me happy.
There was a huge thunderstorm that passed through my area yesterday and the sky got real dark in the middle of the day, the thunder boomed and the rain fell in a dramatic fashion; it always makes me happy to hear the rain.
I taught a step class and another instructor complimented me on it.
I binge watched an entire season of my favorite show and it made me happy.
My brother-in-law came to visit and we played golf and got drunk.
I cleaned all of the mud off of my obstacle course racing gear yesterday.
I went crazy and bought two expensive Pokemon cards on eBay last night.
I received a second employment opportunity for remote contract work, and I'm strongly considering accepting it.
yesterday morning i give one gift to my sister and she is very happy to got from me as birthday gift.
I tried something new with the chicken that I cooked tonight and it turned out really well.
i watched the game of thrones trailer
I was able to get a car for my children.
Hearing my favorite song come on the radio when I just entered traffic made me much happier than I would have been.
I went to shopping, and went to restaurant with my parents for dinner, it was quite pleasant evening finished my day.
I eat good food.
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE'S FEELING
My wife kissed me.
MY LOVER BIRTHDAY
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE'S FEELING
MY SISTER BIRTHDAY PARTY
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELING
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE  FEELING
MY FRIEND ALWAYS THAT DAY LONG TRIP FOR MORE PLACES WITH ENJOYABLE FOR US THAT A MOMENT IS REALLY UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE HISTORY WE ARE SO ENJOYED AND LOVE THAT MOMENT
Sitting down to dinner with my four children and my husband and having them absolutely love the new recipe I made.
Getting a call from my auntie and hearing that her  biopsy went well.
My family was tour in the wonderla
when my nephew got celebrate his birthday
second one is when I make a deal with amazon prime I get a combo of motherboard and cpu for my pc at through away price since last several months I want to upgrade my work pc which is very old now as per the configurations of today's standard and when I got my desired thing and so cheap this make me very very happy.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My happiest moment every day my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IS EVERYDAY MY MOM SAY BYE TO ME WHEN I GET READY TO GO SOMEWHERE.
my happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
my happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
The birthday party to enjoy to creativity program of the spend the time.
We bought another puppy and it gets along great with our other dog...nothing more uplifting then seeing happy dogs playing
INDIA WINNING THE CRICKET MATCH IN SEMI FINALS
I started writing a new book.
India beat Bangladesh in Champions Trophy cricket semifinal, which made me happy a lot.
One event that made me feel happy is when I bought ice cream today I felt excited
I joined party with many girl wine, music and edm , that party made me crazy
My husband took care of some things around the house that needed doing for a long time.
I took my son to the pool and spent the day in the sun.
I was very happy when my daughter has secured 1 st rank in the exam conducted
Seeing my favorite brand of clothes being discounted
My happiest moment every day my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go something.
I received a new order for my business today.
I fixed my wife's laptop so she didn't have to buy a new one.
Having a safe flight.
It started to pour down rain and storm
My wife surprised me by getting me some new clothes.
I watched a good movie yesterday.
I told my son a story last night with his feltboard - he asked me for it specifically.
A small get together with my old friends yesterday in park, make me feel happy and pleasant.
I bought a new mobile online with high configuration and received it today.
My father gave me a ring for my marriage anniversary celebration today morning.
I was talking to a neighbor and realized we had the same kinds of interests.
I had a very good day in sales at my job yesterday.
Yesterday my son learned new words: To count in a foreign language from 1 to 10.
I got to play with my dog
My husband asked me to sing a song at church.
A small event that made me happy was playing a game of league of legends.
The baby slept for three hours straight!
I planned a trip with my boyfriend to go to the beach.
I did not have to spend a lot of time packing my lunch for today- I had some conveniently packaged leftovers.
I was ranked as one of the best employees at my job.
My wife and i watched Daddy's Home, it was decent.
I tried a new recipe and made a new tortilla soup perfectly.
I purchased parts I needed for my car.
I have received a lot of great feedback on some of the pictures that I've taken lately.
A new video game shipped for me to play today and that made me very happy.
I was happy to see my mturk earnings for the past few days.
I had a wonderful dinner last night.
I booked my hotel for vegas in a month
I enjoyed a drink on the patio and watched the rain.
I went for swimming for the first time in 3 months.
I made plans to finally meet up with a girl from another state that I've been speaking to via a dating app for several months; this is the first time that we've solidified a meeting, even though the meeting itself hasn't happened yet.
I AM AT WORK
I was happy when I made myself yogurt with granola and fresh strawberries.
I made a delicious meal for dinner.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
SUMMER TRIP USEFUL FOR US IT ENRICHES OUR MIND AND DEVELOPED A COSMOPOLITAN OUT LOOK
My son put away the dishes without being told.
I got out of work early by a few hours.
latest moment was when we go out for dinner and spend some time in shopping and other leisure activities with all family members we enjoyed our company a lot and because those moments occurs after such a long time I fee very happy with this.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My uncle is working abroad, when he is here, Its the quality time that are precious to me.
Enjoying my new pair of sunnies, riding around able to see more clearly in bright sunlight, with side protection and some alternative coloured lenses to play with.
My uncle is working abroad, when he is here, Its the quality time that are precious to me.
MY UNCLE IS WORKING IN  ABROAD WHEN HE IS HERE,IT'S THE QUALITY TIME THAT ALL PRECIOUS TO ME
We buyed some cookies, sweets, clothes to our family  all having few cookies in car so enjoyable trip for us
farewell party to enjoy my friends.
My cousin made it through surgery safely.
A new episode of my favorite podcasts came out today.
One event that made me feel happy last night was when my brother came to visit me from NY and we went to the beach
i went to my old school yesterday.
I made big progress on a project at work.
Spent all almost all day with my granddaughter
I enjoyed a home-cooked Southern meal.
Listening to my favourite music in my car on the way to work made me happy.
I ate some delicious eggrolls that my mom made.
I'm reading the 3rd novel of Jacqueline Carey's 3rd trilogy, and I'm really enjoying the escape to far-off lands.
I had a very nice meal with my spouse without the kids yelling.
I read a new novel which was so interesting and which made me so happy
We all family members went to a nearby restaurant and had a good meal.
I was praised by my boss for an idea I had at work.
A happy event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was taking a walk outside for around half a hour.
I spent time with my wife watching TV last night.
I accepted financial aid for this upcoming school year through my school's website.
Yesterday after court I took an extra hour to grab lunch with my girlfriend before going back to work.
My husband called me just to tell me he loved me.
I worked out, which always makes me feel good.
Finally got to watch the new Resident Evil movie.
I got to talk to an old friend and reminisce on the good times.
I had a great meeting yesterday at work with my boss and a few colleagues and we went out for lunch afterward; everybody was excited by the projects we're working on and how efficient our team is.
